Taking notes :joy:
For right now it's just gonna be stuff that's peaked my interest
3M
Alaska Airlines
Ark Restaurants
Because...they don't make toilet paper do they? What are they selling in this crisis?
No they just have a really nice dividend, it's worth looking deeper into because apparently they had some bad shocks with the last quarterly call
They're restructuring and they didn't provide proper guidance on that
Eh, small details that market pros will overweight and people like us will be like "welp, I'm sure they are around 10 years from now"
You are thinking of investing in an airline right now? When everyone is stopping travel?
Yea, cause everyone is selling them off right now
Will it tumble more sure
But it'll likely recover in a few years
Yea, that's why they made the list
Cheesecake Factory
Is there any chance they collapse? Airlines seem to run on low margins even in good years. 
Is there any chance they collapse? Airlines seem to run on low margins even in good years. 
I guess they’ll probably get a bailout. 
I mean this is more of an "interest list" than a hardcore buy list
Makes sense. 
So I'd probably want to take a look at their balance sheets, but yea I would imagine that the gov would step in to make sure all the airlines don't go under
Citizens Financial Group
It's also worth noting this will list will probably skip over my current allocations
Delta
Exxon
GAMING &amp; LEISURE PPTYS INC COM
Goodyear
Hasbro
Iron Mountain
?
Macy's
You think they'll go up because...?
It's on my list too
They own casinos!
Also there. CVX as well
I just click in cause it said gaming and REIT so I was curious
Though CVX went up a bit on Friday, so I'd like to wait for it to dip back down to at least $75 again
Not up, they just have a really nice dividend, and they are impacted from WFH
Question become is do I think corporation are going to go back to in person and in paper
There's a real chance companies learn from employees wfh for 2 weeks that the infrastructure is there to discount the need for super large office spaces that gives everyone a permanent desk
I think Iron Mountain will continue to provide paper storage for companies for years, I would just be trepedatious of them growing, and growth is the name of the game with even blue chips
I'm going to target making my buys on the worst day of this week. Hoping that's on a day the Dow Jones is sub 21,500
Robert Half
Six Flags
Other stocks to consider:
LUV (Southwest Airlines)
F (Ford)
DIS
I like this one. Talk about something that's going to get thrashed from this situation, but make up for it over the long term
Never heard of them. What's their service/products?
Texas Roadhouse
They do worker placement, temp perm
Accounttemps falls under them
I'm so confused why there's 2 unilever
UPS
Walgreens Boots
Waste Management
Wyndham
Ford I already have so I didn't list, I'm sad because they've only been going down in price
LUV and DIS lower Dividend Yields than anything I listed
I dislike placement firms
in general or for buying?
Oh those both aren't from a pure dividend side, those are to round out the portfolio with stocks that are undervalued right now
Anyone notice that W is at $39 right now?
That’s a huge drop from peak. 
It’s like 2016 price. 
Yeah, it hasn’t been this low since I was working in securities lending at Goldman Sachs and W was always getting shorted
It’s at ~22% of what it was a year ago when it was at peak
I assume we’re not allowed to buy outside of the normal window. 
I believe that’s correct
(If we’re assuming it goes back up)
I gained a bunch of phantom money with that stock, then it all left. So, meh?
Yeah, I think it is honestly unrealistic for Wayfair to reach those numbers again for frankly years to come
Would I buy more of it now while I have the option? Sure! Just wouldn't expect it to hit $150 again for a while if ever
well that's bad because that's what our comp is based on!
I didn't say it was good for you guys to essentially get less. I'm just being honest about how I expect the market to view the stock going forward
my comp wasn't based on 150 IIRC
they projected 60 and 100 when I joined
They had 40 as the aggressive level when I joined. I think stock was at the $30 back then. 
The current equity comp is based on 150 pretty sure.
Soooo trump tried to buy exclusive rights to a coronavirus vaccine from a German company. Any guesses on market reactions
<@UETS9HTSS> <@UDC03KCGK> AWWWW SNAP FED RATE WENT TO 0!!!
TOMORROW IS GONNA BE A SHIT SHOW!
That story is just ghoulish. 
You think the market goes up or down based on that?
I don't know!
I was thinking the markets would go down over trump dumbness
But this is going to do 1 of 2 things, either markets go up, or tomorrow is going to trip ALL of the stop selling triggers
Pre market for most of the stocks on my list is still down.
Bad juju then, bad juju
Says that Futures hit bottom limit after fed announcement
Sooooo BAD
I just don't see markets going up over the long term. Like, I was talking about it with Sam: if you're hourly, you're going to look at these business closures as lost money. Even if you have the savings to weather it, you're going to be inclined to spend less and get your shit in order. So now you're spending less, of which, some of the very same hourly employees clamoring for extra money, are going to see less because people spend less. 
I'm not sure the numbers, but I'm willing to bet there's a 70-30 split on hourly to salary employees in the country.
Oh, yeah that's real bad. 
All of the triggers!
Basically free money. It's also probably a measure to help mitigate a bank run
Ohhh I don't disagree drew, but the idea that the Fed cutting rates caused a stock market down turn, that means the markets are running scared and not thinking logically
So yeah, knowing the futures limit went into effect, makes sense that this isn't to pump up markers so much as prevent a black tuesday situation
I think it was to try and prop up the markets, honestly this couldn't have happend at a worse time for trump
I don't think so personally
I mean, this election is going to be about a president who's one selling point was how good the economy was doing.
Then those nasty delays are kicking in triggered by a pandemic. 
His voter base won't care, but damn, the guy's one thing he hung his hat on fell away too.
I mean, a larger and larger part of the market has been the "let's get the lay man into the market. No trade fees! Trade one or two shares at a time!"
So yeah, that's the masses then. The masses are scared.
RIGHT!
Nah masses don't make up a large enough share to cause a rout this bad
This is industry investors
Also the lay person generally has no idea what a future market is
True. Forgot about that part.
I'd like to see the lay person who jumps into a future market and accidentally winds up with a gross of oil barrels delivered to them.
Welp, either way, if I'm an industry investor, I'm treating this like a mmo prisoner's dilemma. Preserve my asset values now before everything else drops.
How do these limits on trading work? They got triggered for 15 minutes the other day. Can they be triggered to the point that the market just shuts down for the entire day?
sooo apparently there's 3 levels
1 is 7% from prior day, before 3:25
2 is 13% before 3:25
3 is 20% and stops trading for the day (the other 2 are only 15 mins)
<https://www.npr.org/2020/03/09/813682567/how-stock-market-circuit-breakers-work>
It's going to pause like within 5 minutes
Futures are way down, and all the stocks I follow are way down as well in pre market trading
I mean yea
Honestly <@UHQD9J1SL> my advice is to sell, wait for this to get down lower, and rebuy your stocks. However, I know <@UDDE5960N> would advise against this.
Ohhh <@UETS9HTSS> all the big platforms have 0 dollar trades, I have e-trade, and Mei has TD and both of us have 0 dollar
Sure today's gonna end down, but where's tuesday or Wednesday gonna end?
Also selling triggers gains, which means you'll get tax on it so if you're in a green position you'll actually have less money than if you just let it ride
I doubt she's in green on any of her positions from the last week's activity
Plus you get taxed on the gains. That in no way means you will get taxed for more than you earned. You'll still have 65% of the profits.
Don't fear the tax man. It's a stupid investing advice that doesn't make sense when you do the math
taxes create friction which leaves you with less money.  Say you bought at 20 sell at 100, that 80 dollars, at 20% that's 16.  So unless the stock goes below 84, you actually lose money in your strat
All i'm saying drew is that closing positions with the intention of reopening is more dangerous than most people realize
That's not how the math works. 
You sell at 100, gains are 80, profit is 16 (ignoring the fact that capital gains after holding a year is 15% but let's just keep this up for sake of example)
You buy back at 90. Stock returns to 100. 
Sell again. 
You made $8 more. 
You're still up. What's the scenario in which she loses? If the stock goes above 100 again? To make up that $8 the stock would have to hit $110. Which if you believe this current position represents a long term peak, means you'd be waiting for many many years to recoup
Well that's pleasant
A) your assuming you'll get the timing right, you buy back at 90, and not at 110
B)You need to inject money into your hypothecial idea, because you only have 84 dollars
C) what happens if you buy at 90 and it goes down and stays at 80
The market is highly volatile, so unless your brenden and placing stop/limit orders, or day trading
You're gonna fuck it up, and you're gonna lose money
The people who do this for a living can't beat the market, why do you think you can?
Like i said, robin hood makes me jumpy when there's so many _better_ choices out there
I mean good for the incumbents not giving robin hood space to breath
What I will say is that interface wise, robinhood has most platforms beat by miles
Could be, haven't ever used it
"dont catch a falling knife". Don't try to catch the market at the bottom - wait for it to start coming up in a sustained way. Timing the market just leads to disaster. I'd say not to buy anything for a while till it stabilizes
I would disagree with Dave, the common strategy is buy on a weekly basis.  Dave's right don't try to time the market, but if you wait for it to stabilize you'll miss a lot of good deals
Well if it went down to 80 and you sold from your $100 position, your profit is now $48 instead of $64. You reinvested at $90, went down to $80
Your profit is still $54, plus you have a loss that you can either hold onto and hope to get back to neutral, or you realize it and you pay less in taxes on the original $80. Yes, you inject the $6 in difference. It still makes financial sense if your conviction to hold onto the stock was that it would resume that same value. 
The reason you would reinvest at $90 instead of $110 is you are standing at a position where you are certain it will go down.
Can you be wrong? Sure! But if your conviction is the market will go down, and not selling, you aren't putting your money where your mouth is. It also means you are getting unconvicted, which means you really shouldn't be playing in the first place.
Also you should be buying with limit orders always, that's not a Brenden specific thing. Set your price. If the stock never gets to that price, then you either set the price that didn't reflect what you wanted to pay, or you shouldn't be buying/selling because it isn't at the price you wanted.
Drew... your audience isn't that sophisticated
Now you need to teach them, not only how and what to buy, but now you're trying to teach them the intrinsic value of the stock
Which is probably going to result in them buying nothing and just having money they pulled out after already losing stuff
I'm just going back to my BAC example. Going on 12 years and the market is back at a downswing. You'll never get the $50 back, or if you do, the opportunity cost on the funds you didn't take out and reinvest in better positions is insane
So yeah, if I think it is going to be a LONG time before any of these stocks hit their 52 week highs again, then yeah, you got burned. Don't get killed.
I would also disagree with Dave. Will you time it perfectly? Hell no, so you might see your stocks go down for a bit after you bought in. Or you might wait a day or two longer than you should have and it is starting to rebound. Either place is fine to jump in honestly.
But sustained upward mobility? You're talking missing a month of good progress and deals. Buy on a down day.
Yes. But the idea is, don't try to time the market. Invest when it's safe - yea, you should invest on a weekly basis, but if it's a recession, investing weekly is a kind of silly idea. You may miss some of the best prices, but that's better than losing a lot
Ok, but when is it safe? That's almost just as hard to time. If you applied that to the 2008 financial crisis, well, after a couple months it seemed ok to jump in. 
Then it crashed hard again. 
However, after a certain point it was sustained new level lows that were stagnant. Would you have hit the absolute bottom? No. But that bottom was enough of a trough to be able to go "Alright, here I go"
Problem was I was in high school and my capital was already tied up. 
That's the lesson I learned, which is what CJ is saying. Invest some at a time, but don't commit all your money into one big "yeah, this is it!"
Seems like the market panicked, got paused immediately, and is now rebounding for a bit now. Not sure we're going to hit another stoppage at this rate, but the day is young.
Real question I have is what airline is going to make it out of this ok. It's so tempting to buy into one now, but I know this is going to be something to have to watch for months.
market is bouncing back
see today is a great example of why trying to time the market sucks
Month long trends, not day or weeks. There are people so much smarter than you or me who track these things and try to figure out when is the best time to buy. I don't want the best time. I just want a good, safe time.
Dave you and brenden's patience astounds me, I think you're over estimating how much smarter these are the people are.  Stock markets like 30% econ, 30% actual numbers, and 30% psychology
10% just random
my patience?
excuse me?
Now's a great time to buy businesses at a discount, to Drew's point on airlines, do your due diligence, or diversify such that you have to have a winner.
You love to go shopping for discount board games, apply that same mentality here
do I?
I found a set it and forget it service for tracking prices of a few games
so I get alerts sometimes of good prices
and set up alerts for board game deals on slickdeals
seems passive to me
Stock market still the same exact thing
but why patience?
that's what confuses me
And just because something is passive doesn't make it not patience
I don't refute that
please explain why you think I'm patient
you've yet to do so
I mean, you could do that. But will likely lose more than you win right now. "Buying on a discount" sounds a lot like timing the market. And if you could do that consistently, you'd be a billionaire
Time horizon matters on this, mine is 5 years, not tomorrow or even next year
So I'm buying it on a discount today, with the expectation i'll be getting something out of it in 5 years
Let me get this straight: are any of you convinced that this is the bottom and that the market bouncing back is a sign that this whole crisis will no longer continue to affect the market negatively?
More simply, do any of you think the market will be higher in 2 weeks than it is today?
No
but I don't have any level of certainty on that
Short answer, I don't know Drew, could very well be up compared to here, could be we go through another great recession.  I mean the Fed's been super aggressive, we've enacted all the 2008 measures just as we reached bear market
So not even a recession before we pull out our most powerful guns
I'm saying that you're willing to wait, set all of the bars before you jump
To me that's patience
I'd call that laziness
laziness would be wanting and buying
Not going through the effort to set up alerts or do the research required to identify at what level you should be alerted
I view it like Wayfair. I was surrounded by lots of people smarter than me in many things.
I also looked around and saw some real dumbasses.
I remember my CSOM classes (business school at BC) and my interviews on wall st.
There are people hired all the time smarter than me.
There are also a wide array of dumbasses. They are not hard to find on the street.
Always be aware of when you are in a non representative pool. There are people who are going to be smarter and win bigger than me. There are also going to be a lot of suckers and losers who hide behind "I do this for a living"
I guess my point is that I'm not waiting; I've done a tiny amount of work and forgotten about it
Hence my hesitation on "patience"
Still patience
so basically if you're not actively engaged it's not being patient
I would say this is like courage, courage is not the lack of fear, it's acting in spite of fear
You can't go around and have the revelation that the market is like legal gambling, and also say "Well there are people way smarter than me who are going to win"
I don't have to be THE winner.
I just have to be among the winners. The rest can get eaten by a bear.
patience isn't the lack of thought, it's waiting despite the thought
I'm doing the former in that scenario
Yep, pulled out the most powerful guns.
And then when they don't work, real panic sets in.
My guess is we'll see a report real soon of the market dipping below 20,000 here in the next few weeks.
I won't bat an eye if it drops below 18,000
Vaild
I don't have to be the fastest, I just have to be faster than you!
I don't disagree, but I would also argue that there's a non-trivial percentage you are completely wrong
So yeah, I don't need to time it perfectly, I just need to be patient, and see it through to a real trough. Today is volitile. Tomorrow might be up. But if I'm convinced next week is worse than this week, then I'm fine holding off on buying.
There is. It's playing the odds. Odds are good. Could get burned. That's gambling for ya
You can play a high percentage hand like a straight or flush and get burned by someone with the Full House
Still going to play the high straight every time I'm dealt it
see my concern with that logic, is what happened with this down turn.  Markets have to go down, have to go down, have to go down. and eventually you're wrong
And you're not going to see you being wrong
I would argue that in this instance you're not playing the good hand because you think you can get a royal flush
But that's where I do agree with Dave, just in a shorter window. When I get to the end of a week, and it was better than last week, maybe I buy in then.
Hell, I'm waiting for the Massachusetts on lockdown day, and buying in during that blood bath
Or if it hits a marker for me like the sub 20,000
and then again at sub 18,000
There are up weeks before the bottom, that's what i'm trying to say.  How do you know this is really an up week, vs. a return?
More of I just saw the flop. I have the straight. I'm paying to see the turn. Buy in before the river
Right so you have a good hand and you're not making a bet on it
And you're expecting people who have no idea what poker is to even follow why your making this decision
I'm talking to you about it. You get the analogy
If Aysh or Daka want an explanation, I can go through it
I do, but this is why I argue you shouldn't be telling aysh to do it
I'm giving Aysh the consolidated version. Debating with you is getting in the details.
Ohhh I get it, but this is why I'm saying for Aysh, ride it out, because it is a dangerous strategy and she doesn't know how to execute normal ones
She can do what she wants, and I said what I would do in her position, and what you would recommend
Anyway you're holding off till it hits certain break markers?
Basically. I look at this as truly recession triggering. The recession just started this month. Isn't going to turn around in a month. Recessions usually go for at least half a year
The US response is by all accounts worse than Italy's. Which means they should have to go through several of the measures Italy has kicked in before this gets better. There's a lot of deniers who look at what Charlie Baker just did as stupid. I assume some of those stupid people are in New York feeling safe and haven't realized what their own state is about to spring on them as emergency measures
This is true. Hence "maybe"
What got announced? Markets careening downward the last 20 minutes
trump press conference on COVID
Oh goodie, what did he say?
Or just that there will be one?
stuff people didn't like
Such as?
<https://www.cnbc.com/2020/03/15/trump-says-relax-urges-against-hoarding-as-coronavirus-cases-soar-and-fed-cuts-rates-to-zero.html>
states should secure their own medical supplies,  there's not going to be a recession
That was from yesterday
But, did grab a couple stocks just under the wire. CVX and F finally.
I like having Ford at $5. 10.66% dividend for the next few years? Don't mind if I do
So confused. I'll need a day just to read through this and form opinions
lol
Futures up a little bit pre market
yup
Talk about volatile, open higher now below yesterday's close
stocks look like they're going to break 20,000 drew
awwww snap it came back up, IT'S LIKE A ROLLER COASTER BABY!
dammit
I mean, this is a pretty pitiful dead cat bounce... 2% after a 10% drop WITH certain volotile stocks being halted?
I mean 2% is day high, we haven't remotely gotten back up there, we're bouncing around 0% mostly
Yeah, and already CVX and F are reaching new lows for these stocks. Really interesting times we are in
Wayfair though...woof
:hammer:
:hammer-and-sickle: ?
I would think Wayfair would do ok this quarter. You're talking about a customer base that is stuck sitting around their home going "Ugh, I can barely stand to live in this 2 weeks. Need to change some shit up."
Ohhh yea, it's just dying from panic selling
If they can survive this relatively unscathed
Nice little bounce back for most of the market at this point
NOOOOO
I want you to go down!
Wayfair bounced back 5 dollars or 20% of it's value
Broke 20,000
Again? Sustained?
Ford dropped to $4.33.
Their dividend yield is now 13.33%
That's madness
Yeah, I may not be able to pass up on that
After some cursory research, I can pass on that
How come?
Doesn't seem sustainable
You think they'll cut it
Seems risky (they'll lower it)
I jumped in already at $5. Not looking to sell, just look at if I'll buy more.
I'm also looking at XOM, because this is the lowest they've been since 2003
A stock that has gotten up to $83 a few times, currently trading at $33. I don't see Exxon Mobil going away soon
Sorry, $35 because of a 5% bump today
Why do you think they'll lower it?
Well, the news just came out that Ford is suspending their dividend
Still, that means that it will get reinstituted at some point. So for me, it's just about how much I'm willing to put into Ford until that point comes
LOL
I have quite the timing
also CJ, because their performance is on the down trend
and it doesn't seem like they could responsibly afford to keep giving this divident other than to prop up the stock price
Market rally is falling
Good :evil-hands:
I want to buy more VOO at &lt; $215
I'll buy some XOM finally. Thinking about moving over all my 401ks into my own account and transferring it all into VOO
Also the fact the market was still rallying while THE ENTIRE STATE OF CALIFORNIA IS ON LOCKDOWN was madness to me
"What Jim, that was already priced into the market, that was expected"
Below 19k
bought a bit more at 9:40am this morning
Finally bought some XOM
Also put in a limit order for more CVX. Not diversified at all, but it is hovering around the lowest it has been since 2005
Markets reacting like this is all over for now
Italy had promising signs and I guess a stimulus bill might be going through.
Stocks are back up
Yea, sad I was hoping to see this run a little longer
Yeah, I mean, hard to tell if it is truly over or not. Seems a little short winded considering all the fall out that hasn't come of this yet.
Yea, it's high volatility. They've made recoveries like this before. But it's just the market will ignore it till it stares it straight in the face.
Also the businesses being most impacted aren't generally big enough to be on the market
That's the really shitty thing. Can't forgo rent and mortgage payments because heaven forbid that money keep flowing to one of the lowest velocity sectors imaginable
Got to keep those poor bankers and landlords in the 1%
A blip as in today is a blip. or a blip as in this whole 3m trend downward will reverse itself?
today is a blip
Likely
Other oddity I found, apparently VOO has an expense ratio of 0.03%
I guess Wayfair's 401k had a few fund options that were less than that, which I find remarkable and surprising
like 0.015%
Definitely on XOM
unfortunately
The market is giving me whiplash
"Woo, 3 day party!!!"
"Oh shit, right, virus is still around. Sell sell sell!"
I mean I thought this was a given
Eh, they seemed to bulldoze past bad news because "Hooray stimulus!" That I started to honestly wonder if the market had somehow already bottomed out and was gonna prance on through like a deluded pony
Yea..... people are insane and the machines are making it worse
Here's my current 1 month chart
Lol
The market has lost its mine
Based on it continuing to go up?
Yes
Stock market is still at 22,000. Roughly 3500 points from where it was pre stimulus.
I'm just really curious how much chaos and uncertainty it feels it is priced for. Like, yeah, there was a stimulus bill. Was that all it needs to stay here? Even as death counts and estimates rise, it still feels priced for all that?
Just normal volitility today? Or something specific causing today's drops?
probably people cashing out on gains
always hard to say ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Stock market seems to think the worst is over
yea...... because new cases have dropped
Although it's certainly trending downward today
Makes sense. Although I get the impression that about half the states haven't set themselves up for getting through very well. I anticipate it reaching a point in say Florida or Georgia where the case numbers for those states become the new hotspot
So numbers will go down because CA or NY and NJ where there are so many people have successfully got through, but the smaller states will be a raging wildfire
And of course, this is all predicated on it not having a major backlash and suddenly NY cases start to rise again because some idiot from a more infected state travels and brings it roaring back
Stock market is being manipulated to high heavens
Think I just read the darkest joke pick up line that I've ever seen
I mean I didn't think it could be manipulated this well, or this much dave
Care to explain Dave?
Cause the only way I'm aware it is being manipulated is by having all the coronavirus deaths miscounted to make it seem like we are doing better in this crisis than we are
The fed is buying debt by printing stupid amounts of money
Unlimited QE and crazy lending programs
Combined with rates being at 0
The unlimited QE is the biggest thing tho
"The Fed's actions — along with other lending programs, significant cash injections into funding markets and zero percent interest rates — make up the most extreme intervention in the economy by the central bank in its history of more than 100 years.

The Fed is launching three emergency lending facilities, including two that will buy corporate debt. The third is a revival of an emergency program the central bank created during the 2008 financial crisis that will lend to banks against collateral that includes bundled student loans, auto loans, credit card loans and small-business loans"
Ah, yeah that would do it
So it's all just propped up on an even large house of cards than before. Neat
This feels like it is just ballooning our national debt and pushing off the crisis
Yup
It's pretty much like that SpongeBob episode:

You know what's better than one giant bubble? TWO giant bubbles
But 2 TRILLION dollars with no oversight and unlimited QE and 0% interest rates go really far to pumping up the bubble, so nobody really knows when it'll pop. But it's gonna be a doozie if/when it does
I know that markets aren't rational. But my God, it shouldn't go up 10% on the news of millions of people filing for unemployment
The no oversight on the stimulus is HORRIFYING
God I hate the senate right now
The news about the firing of the IG and the Senate being out of session genuinely made me depressed
Got very sucked into all the Reddit comments talking about "And now you're all fucked. Surprise, you're in an autocracy now!"
I feel like this bubble pops when the big debt holders go fuck it, we're calling it all in
I'm mainly afraid of crazy inflation from all of this making my savings worthless...
We haven't seen good inflation for most of our adult lives scarily enough
I mean the Fed is independent of Trump and his government. Them doing this is a totally separate decision, whether or not it is a terrible one
What do you mean, it has been between 2-3% for most of the 2010'?s
I mean, it *is*, but when the head of the fed says one thing, then Trump says he's gonna fire him unless he cuts rates, and then he capitulates to Trump's demands... It's really not separate.
Can the President fire the head of the Fed? I thought it was all board of Governors driven?
Yes and no. But more yes than no
it's awkard
My pandemic investing :point_up:
Thinking about liquidating tomorrow
Kind of bearish right now
Go for it if you want, I'm certainly not interested in timing this market it's lost it's bloddy mind
This market is weird. Before I thought the crashing was inevitable to a point and would stabilize. Now it feels like the market is trying to say that everything is good, go back to the party...which makes no frickin sense
well shit
the market is closed today
:kermit:
lol
Huh? Cause of Good Friday?
Yup
yeah
That's bizarre to me
liquidated this morning
interesting
Still don't understand this market.
"News is bad"
"Up 500 points!"
You have to remember, it's a question of if the bad news is worse or better than the expected bad news
Truly. I guess what I'm trying to understand and failing is how BAD they thought things were going to be if they still see today's reports as BETTER?
What news are you referring to?
It's also
Money printer goes brrrrrr
The riding unemployment, the growing strains and shortages of food labor and distribution, the increased push offs of states and leagues reopening
ugh... I'm gettin tired of that meme template
lol
Meme template?
W is back at 90 today
Back to 100
and so it begins, with oil futures going negative
at this point, it's a blip
A funny blip
But a blip
Still weird in the market. Maybe it'll stay this way?
Maybe, I'm thinking their high on Trump, and when May fails to materialize or the 2nd epidemic breaks out it'll be.... not good
The way I see it is this: the market is oddly optimistic for the news out there
The way I see it is this: the market is oddly optimistic for the news out there
This could easily spiral downward in a chain reaction
Or it could easily ignore the real world
Depends on the kind of news that's released, and how the re-opening goes/doesn't go
Or if a second wave happens
That's what I'm thinking
I'm basically sure there will be a second wave and lockdown. I'm also pretty confident it'll be worse than this one.
If that's how you feel, then don't buy stocks ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Cause, I mean, again, money printer goes brrrrrr. Don't right the Fed - they can be crazy a lot longer than you can stay solvent
lol
I'm curious to see how the market reacts to the first major bankruptcy
I'm curious to see how the market reacts to the first major bankruptcy
(J Crew)
Did you see the Berkshire Hathaway Annual meeting?
Saw some news on it where he pulled out all airline related holdings
Yup
What could arguably the most successful stock broker in the world's assessment of airline stocks have any influence on?
I don't know for certain, but ppl aren't too sure about Buffett right now, and he's currently known for being very conservative with his money. Everyone knows the airlines ain't doing too well now and in the near future, but I don't know if Buffett will affect the price
I wouldn't be shocked if it tanks for a little while, too high profile not to see some basic scare
I mean Elon and Tesla was hilarious
I can’t wait till the market dips again. I wanna buy
What I was caught off guard by was how much the market surged back up and how quickly after it had bottomed out. Was expecting a more steady rise to jump on.
I mean this is one of the reasons why current logic is "Invest often and steadily cause you're real bad at guessing"
Well, I had just reinvested at the absolute bottom
and then by 3 days later it had surged up.
which feels great, but don't count on it
Don't count on it?
like that's definitly not going to happen every time
I think Drew is saying he got magically lucky and feels like a god
That's not what I'm saying at all: I expected it to keep going down. So I made some investment at the bottom, but then it surged back up to basically where we were at for months before this pandemic
But we are still in a pandemic
markets be cray cray
So I wasn't going against the wisdom of invest often and steadily, but I am against investing today until the market goes back down
WF stock :moneybag: :party_chart_with_upwards_trend:
my RSUs are looking really nice right about now
Oh damn. Really really wished I'd put some money into Wayfair when I bought those other stocks. Still, the few RSUs I had are nice to capitalize on this.
I wanted to shove money into WF when it hit $25 so bad, but the trading window was closed
That's when I wanted to buy. Honestly just forgot that day. Then it soared the next day and I was still convinced it was a blip back up until after it was too late.
finally got around to rolling over work investment accounts
finally got around to rolling over work investment accounts
pushed assets from my old employer's 401k into Wayfair's
rolled over the vested RSUs from merrill to fidelity
W back over $170??
Yes
It's all over the place
I love highly efficient market theory
Is this literally the highest its even been?
I wonder if there's an inefficient market theory
According to fidelity it hit 180 something
I believe the Nobel Prize in 2017 was for work into irrationality in human economic behavior.
OH MAN I WANT FIND THAT STUDY NOW
Stupid work getting in the way of learning
<https://www.nytimes.com/2017/10/09/business/nobel-economics-richard-thaler.html>
Wonder what it will be when the window opens tomorrow. I’ve been trying to hold to the long term view on investments, but the fact that this was worth $20 only a few weeks ago is really messing with me.
Company only thinks it's worth 150 right?
So it's over valued right now
all it is is that we told investors we'd be profitable next quarter
and all the other stocks look like shit compared to that good news
Which is ahead of where the market thought we would be profitable
yeah, definitely
So you think it’s worth holding on to?
if there is another large market drop, I think wayfair will follow the general trend
so I may sell my stock
when is the trading window?
tomorrow to....couple weeks
:thumbsup:
It's such an obviously wrong theory
Thought the window was only a few days
and 52 week high of Wayfair is $181.39
If it hits $200 I'm selling
I mean you can sell whenever, most of us have to make decisions
Ah, yeah that was insensitive of me. How long is the trading window for sure?
Like aysh said it's a couple of weeks this time
Personally? I'd wait out the full two weeks and sell on the last possible day
All things as they currently are with the market
watch it pulmets like 5 days before the end I'll laugh sooooo hard
Because waiting out the rest of the quarter is really really tough with how the market could react
In fact, I'd probably sell sooner rather than later. We're getting into 2nd wave territory with stuff opening
And either market jumps on us cause we're doing well, or _EVERYTHING TANKS_
I've been on the everything tanks boat
I even bought a tank. It's cozy
But, I wouldn't put it past the market to push Wayfair to $200, at which point the market is bananas and I sell
Frankly, it's probably a decent time to sell anyway
So what's your decision CJ?
I kinda agree, I should probably talk to mei about liquidating
Dunno probably liquidate a decent position. I actually don't know what I have.... sooooo
My biggest sin is not holding onto a stock until it hits crazy gain. The 200, 300, 500% balloons. Normally set my price points around 100% gains
But considering I've had Wayfair stock since it was $33 a share, I think I've given it my due, especially when the market showed how it felt during the initial panic
lol
The TTWO one haunts me. I had it at $11. Finally got rid of it around $20 a share.
Did not see the GTA V become the most profitable piece of media thing happening
Had a similar thing with ATVI. Had it around $10 or so. Throughout all of the World of Warcraft boon it didn't get above where I sold it of around like $18.
Now it trades at $72
lol
To anyone who was wondering on if they should sell or not: you all still work for the company. You all still get shares.
The price the stock was fetching was $25 just a few weeks ago. It's worth 7x of that now.
That should really factor into your risk calculation of when do you want to lock in those gains?
It could explode and become worth a $1000 a share.
But because you still work for the company, you are insulated from that risk because if the company goes up, you'll just vest and earn more shares.
I'm not someone you pay for advice, this is something you have to make as a decision for yourself.
Oppy costs man! Oppy cost!
Mostly directed at Aysh and Doug and anyone else who doesn't dabble in finance much. CJ and Brenden I trust to have their own experience and valuations
Doesn't the oppy cost just push them to sell even more?
I will agree with Drew though, as we vest shares we have the ability to insulate ourselves from upside risk
Because they can bank that money in safer forms of return or take advantage of future dips in the market?
No, because you miss the opportunity to sell the shares at a higher amount
You and I think of opportunity costs very differently then
No
We're both right
Only time will tell who's "actually" right
To your point, if WF goes up more than 7% a year from this point, I'm right, if it's less your right
True. Honestly, the upside risk is that once the stock gets to a high enough price, the percentage growth works in your favor. Suddenly 3% daily growth today is 20% growth compared to your initial position.
but the market has to keep pushing it up to make that true. Otherwise you can rebuy in the next window at a lower price if the second wave of the pandemic does finally convince the market it is full of hot air
The market is valued at over 2x of the amount it was during the Great Recession, with over double the unemployment
That doesn't spark confidence in me
I'd like to keep this thread more focused on your original point, than our speculations of the market. We can do that in a different if you want
Fair. I bring it up only to present the other side of the oppy cost. Right now value is in your favor for upward growth. The larger market picture is in my favor for downward risk
Agreed! Also depends on time horizions to your point
Which you all don't have much time. You have 2 weeks. I don't think you want to wait out an entire quarter to see how the pandemic plays out
Stocks should be on years not months drew. That I will be firm on for the noobies
um - additionally these would be short term gains if i decided to sell. so 15% vs like 25% taxation. How much should that factor in :thinkies:
I think it is considered long term because it took the year to vest
Could be way off on that
And that Aysh is why I scold drew
checking on that
`If you hold the shares for more than one year after share delivery, the sales proceeds will be taxed at the long-term capital gains rate.`
According to Schwab
You can make a short term gain on a long term play. Wayfair was at $181 last time in early 2019. Then went on a year long slump to half that value. Then crashed with the initial pandemic. and now is back to it's year ago valuation. So if it goes back to $90 by the end of the quarter, taxes be damned, you'd be happy you sold and can simply rebuy the number of shares you sold last quarter
<https://www.schwab.com/public/eac/resources/articles/rsu_facts.html>
ok so it WILL be short term gains. Ok, thats clear. what youre saying makes sense Drew. Im still considering selling a decent % of it
and CJ has done a perfect job of explaining the other side of the risk. This truly comes down to how loss averse you are yourself. Only time will tell of who is right historically speaking.
I'll back up what I said earlier though: I already put in the limit order to sell my shares at $200
Any stocks soak liked wayfair?
Any stocks soak liked wayfair?
day 2 of 2% drops in VOO
what to buy today?
what makes you want to buy today?
some stocks are low today
relative to what?
earlier this week
I think a 3 day slide is a small time buying opportunity personally
Man, W fell hard this week
yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Honestly I’m just happy it’s still over 150 for now
looks like it was hovering around 100 for a few months before the crash. Being above that seems good.
even if its not 190
Everyone in Wayfair selling while they had the chance
