<@UDC03KCGK>
Your turn btw
Not sure what happened to the webhook
Webhook failed your turn
<@UDC03KCGK>
I'll get to these games tomorrow morning or before I go to bed tonight
<@UDDE5960N>
turn
Think you might have to tinker with the webhook. Might be going to the old channel name
32 turns and I don't even have a second settlement
This takes a while
I think we might have to take this live at some point, I have a settler but only because I chose that pantheon
<@UDC03KCGK> Live game?
Only if you send a funny baby pic for Sam to be appeased by
Also I'm on discord
Why did you play the behind game?
So I could delete it remember?
So I could delete it remember?
It pinged me way later. You didn't delete it, you just left it, so it still showed up as a game for me minus you
My bad
WHAT?!?!?!
Did you delete it from the lobby?
I don't see it anyomre
Well yes, I'm asking where you pressed the delete button from
I did in the lobby, I figured it deleted it for you too
Yeah, it definitely should've. Weird
Drew don't settle in Antarctica only death awaits you there
Huh?
Are you sure you have the right game?
Yes, north of your current cites
I didn't realize you were south east of me
Oh, I'm friends with Scythia
That would also be the Arctic unless civ did a dumb contingent making thing again
Yes use the contient filler, this one actually makes sense because I'm ringed by moutains
You stay on your side, I stay on mine
Oh, yeah, that's fine. Antarctica is west of my cities, not north. I swear, your sense of cardinal directions is all sorts of fucked up.
My slinger is "merely passing through"
What is your North of Swenett tack?
Also is Swenett your only city of mine you've seen?
Also, with the exception of your city states, your starting cities are basically all west of me
Showing that my cardinal directions are not wrong
<@UDC03KCGK> WTF HOW ARE YOU TURNS SO FAST RIGHT NOW?!?!?!
Because it is the classical era, something I've gone through several times now.
I always speed up in games once I've gotten through the new mechanics and rules and shit
:mindblown:
/roll 1d20 -1
Looks I don't have to worry about spies
I hate when barbs spawn in the tiny sliver of land between cities that there is fog of war over
sometimes it' auto loads for me in the 1v1 cloud games
