Webhook fail your turn <@UETS9HTSS>
<@UDC03KCGK> your turn
I'll get to these games tomorrow morning or before I go to bed tonight
That webhook works at least
playing a marathon game, it's 1536 ad, and I'm launching an earth satalite in 10 turns
playing a marathon game, it's 1536 ad, and I'm launching an earth satalite in 10 turns
Damn son
That's impressive amount of science
Look, Galileo would have done some cool shit had the Catholic Church not gotten involved. I don't see the problem here
let me know if you're interested in converting this to realtime at some point today
Maybe
Probably should. The first few turns are basically more of waiting for it to load than actual gameplay
Move a unit. Next turn.
yep
let me know when you two want to convert
Kind of depends on it you guys can play earlier than 5. or later than 8
I can't promise super timely turns, but I can convert whenever
So in other words, you can take a turn approximately every 1 "Drew turn"?
nah, probably less
yea, that's fine with me
Oh shit, I made this game, so I have to convert it right?
i think anyone can
I did it for the game between me and brenden
yeah, anyone can
I just tend to do it because I know what I'm doing and no one else offered
I got it it's my turn anyway
You should both have invites
joined
waiting on drew
as usual :smirk_blob:
also if this ever starts to actually annoy you, please let me know
I'm trying to write an email to my nephew where the word count for the last 3 has been above 2500 words each. I was busy
How did we magically get assigned the right characters?
it isn't a play by cloud game
that's where we have the issues
Interesting
Live internet games just work WAY better for some reason
yeah, it was a base feature, not an add on because of popular demand
I'm just curious how they are able to pick up which of us is which character
probably in the save file
Cause it literally saves our name to the character
Like when I load it, I see all your names even if you haven't joined
says waiting on you, but also my turn
That'll never happen again
"Waiting on Beerdeau"
Well I'm a dipshit
oihhhh?
Didn't settle on a river or other source of freshwater
ahhhhh
granary
Yep, and I've learned that you don't connect an aquaduct to solve your problems if it is more than 1 tile
yes you did learn that lesson painfully
Oh there is a river only 1 tile away!
Well this is not turning out like I had hoped
LOL
your impromptu settle
That's actually where I wanted to settle soooo ALLS WELL THAT ENDS WELL!
fair enough
there are a lot of barb scouts
So many damn barbs
I was looking for a new city
well I clearly missed that you declared war on me
I mean I was going for the city state
But if there's a tasty treat in the way
is this the first turn of war
yes
?
I won't keep killing you, but this is my time to shine!
That is a good way to get a leg up
WARCARTS FOR EVERYONE!
Glad I didn't spawn by you
I just got sent back to the loading screen?
Yeah, said you desynced
Are you back?
I am
says Brenden is
slowing down the game with your warfare
god war carts are broken as fuck
turn 1 30 strength units
Damn, that'll give you an early game lead
I thought we got rid of banning common words!
HAHAHAHA
I FOUND ANOTHER SETTLER!
I don't know if I should kill him off or not drew
Go for the throat
Rip out juggular
might as well just kill me off
there's nothing I can do against war carts
your city was 9 tiles from my capital
yea those things are evil
I was just planning on capping City states with them
But then I came across your empire
yeah, I was literally right next to you
which was super unfortunate
I've already lost 2 cities to CJ
and it's only turn 41
sumeria is horseshit
it's useless if no one is near you
yeah, but you happened to spawn literally right next to me
you know what's even more bull?
your dumb carts negate spearman bonuses against mounted units
REALLY!?!?!?
and spearman are still weaker than them
God this guys is broken in the ancient era
the RNG gods said fuck you brenden
basically
I wasn't even planning on murdering nearby neighbors, just the city states, but man this was necessary
without walls cities just fall
I found france now too
*starts building walls*
Why were you suddenly a city-state murder hobo?
that's literally all his civ does in the early game
spam war carts
and take over as many cities as they can until people have units with &gt; 30 combat strength
if I research scorched earth
Well it seems to be working out great for him
can I raze my own city
so CJ can't have it?
I didn't choose the murderhobo life, the murderhobo life chose me!
<https://media1.tenor.com/images/dd2e2c88d996d9a78f4d0e4cf7865735/tenor.gif?itemid=5377170>
Well, now I have 2 games going with CJ
Sorry Brenden
new game with the 3 of us?
Yeah, why not
Slower speed since Brenden is apparently ok with it
even if I started from scratch, the only thing I could have done was send a settler far away and hope that neither CJ nor barbarians found it
Wait, you get to do that when you are defeated?
no
Just would have been your way to try and run away?
I'm saying if I had perfect information from turn 1
I still would have died
unless I got lucky and managed to sneak a settler far away
Maybe? But you would have put up enough of a fight that I probably would have murdered other things than you
Well, CJ can we turn this one back into an async game and make another 3 player one?
ok!
Finish your turn, I'll save it
All set
who wants to make?
Man it is going to be weird if it needs Brenden to join the save
Love the channel name switch
We'll do it afterwards
You have the save, so you have to make it
Brenden made the next 3 person
Oh, I mean you have to make the async
drew ready up!
j53LD
I'm just sitting here waiting and praying not to be found
They'res no reason to worry that much
Drew can you hear france's screams?
Probably the last to fall to the warcart pain train as they're starting to be outclassed
I will reveal nothing. One day you might show up with warcarts ready to go. I hope to be ready for them.
I will reveal nothing. One day you might show up with warcarts ready to go. I hope to be ready for them.
ohhh snap both glitch and civ working???
Oh, it finally went through
lol
Damn you drew with your field cannons!'
Damn you drew with your field cannons!'
