I'm definitely winning :eyes:
I'm definitely winning :eyes:
I'm definitely winning :eyes:
I'm definitely winning :eyes:
Yeah I didn't benefit from this "legendary" start
How so? You don't have resources around you?
Nothing particularly great
what do you have?
Is there a way for me to move the game to my smaller monitor?
Or do I have to switch which one is my main?
honestly; no idea
mine is on my main
So I have one 2 food 2 production tile. It's actually so shitty a start I kind of want to scrap this game
I like my start :cry:
I'm on the ocean
but that might be because it is Tundra and it will ramp with developments
don't have a lot of land though; very narrow here
if you want to scrap it, I can do that
but I'm happy with the current game
don't want this to be a slog for you
I'm assuming canada starts slow and then gets faster because you are supposed to develop the tundra and what not
probably
you get bonuses from them, right?
send me a screencap of your base :smirk:
It says mines lumber mill both provide +1 production on tundra
I'll hash it out and see where I get. I'm not very good at this game: there's just so much going on that I can't really puzzle solve it so much as just pick stuff almost at random
there is no puzzle solve for civ
just pick a strategy and go for it
are you culture forward?
are you science forward?
expansionist?
do you make each city specialize?
wonder churning?
but there's still a necessary balance to that. Can't go domination without supporting with science and production
domination doesn't mean just building military units, it means waiting until you have an advantage and capitalizing
so it's science first
Like that's the way the players I see on Youtube talk about it: what does your civ do? What strategy best benefits from those skills? What techs and paths do you take based on that
do you actually find playing this game like an optimization problem fun?
I try not to get bogged down by the numbers
I like playing it well. I like getting advantage by eeking out those efficiences and doing it well. Sure it is fun to run around with units, but I'm mostly doing it to get tech boosts and the like
tech boosts arent numbers though
sure, I go for eurekas as well
you seem to delve deep into city mechanics
manually managing citizens
and such
to me, there is rarely a good reason to do so
<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=78UTmyyniqA&amp;t=16s>
That's what I'm taking tips from and the subsequent videos
any interest in converting this game to realtime for a bit after work?
Yeah, I could do that
when do you want to start?
More of whenever you can
there may be a war with spain soon
I see a settler approaching
though maybe I'll try to use loyalty against spain
Was that last turn you?
Nvm, answered that
I always do these turns first
I always do these turns
:he-hypereyes:
you had time to come to slack and get my attention back to this game
and then there was no turn notification
:a_blob_sad_cloud:
I messaged at the beginning of the turn
8 minute turn?
jesus
you at war mate?
Just, had some things that needed doing
the anticipation is killing me
I lost sight on a settler from spain
and haven't seen a city founded yet
:loading:
Should've done this one first. It requires less context switching
Why are you trading Amber for Amber????
because it was funny
you... rejected my offer?
you heathen
how dare you!
You will come to worship the Crab soon enough
You're having conflicts with Spain, and I'm having tension with America
situation resolved :relieved:
am now at war
Is that resolution? Also damn with the two settlers. Somebody has Magnus provisions
I captured his settler
Oooooooh, I get it now. Yeah, situation resolved, but you are most definitely at war
That's why I declared war
yeah
Good luck with the reinforcements!
ehh, once I settle there, I'll be fine
the suspense is killing me
I need to know how this turn plays out; if I get the city or not
Sorry man, at the grocery store
no worries
stay safe
Playing my turn now if you want to watch your own situation to see what plays out
went well
didn't lose any settlers
going to see how much peace costs next turn
going to be settling 3 new cities soon :tm:
The temptation to take your settler is strong
I kind of treat them mostly the same, but prioritize luxury over bonus
unless it's early game, then I go for specific tile bonuses
How do you know which wonders can be built instantly with a builder and which ones you need to build from your city?
wonders can be built with workers?
Yeah, like your great wall
that's not a wonder
that's a tile improvement
though my civ's unique bonus is that my workers can rush wonders
so thanks
the aztecs can rush districts with builders
I can only do it on ancient and classical wonders though
gives me 15% of the wonder's total required production per charge
so 1 builder over 4 turns = 60% production
thinking about wiping spain off the map
I think they only have one city
Really? Damn, they slow
I'll just need a few ships to do it I think
I don't even think they have walls
I keep getting chinese music playing. I'm not China!
:innocent:
Is it because you are leading?
It's definitely not because my armies are marching towards your capital
One slinger is an army?
Now you have me paranoid that I'm going to get attacked by an army marching from another direction
lol
look at my military score
and be relieved
I dunno, that 65 is only half contributed to by that Slinger
:laughing:
i also have two archers, a warrior, and a scout
definitely haven't focused military this game
just took the opportunistic plunge against spain
who had a war chariot
which I killed with a warrior after weakening it with an archer
That Doug bot got me
Chariots aren't worth it from what I've seen
The problem was that Spearmen are supposed to be anti cavalry, but a horsemen still beats them
Which...makes me wonder what they are good for.
I think spearmen are fine at defending from horsemen
Maybe only as defense?
I think the terrain defense is enough to push them above horsement
Either way, I'm having to use my single player game to learn a lot of stuff
It was +10, which put them at 3 below horsemen
but there were other bonuses, so that might have hurt it
oddly, in this game it's always better to defend for melee attacks
I'm an idiot and placed a district in the exact wrong spot
That's the hard part with play by cloud, is current me can let past me down
LOL
spain paid me to end the war
I'll get to these games tomorrow morning or before I go to bed tonight
want to try again?
It's the same message as in the 2 fronts channel. Just busy today hanging out with Sam so won't get to it till late tonight or tomorrow
It's the same message as in the 2 fronts channel. Just busy today hanging out with Sam so won't get to it till late tonight or tomorrow
should I stay in game?
:raised_eyebrow:
YEs
ALright
We can convert it if you want. Not sure when you have to get to sleep
idk
like 4am
Ok, then
let's convert
I've got to take a turn first right?
sure
wtf is w'en
that doesn't even shorted the character count
Mods blocking
fuuuuck
You need all these mods?
try now
define need
you in
?
Yes
here we go
You don't have these mods in any of our games. Just curious if they make you feel hampered without them
/roll 1d20
hampered? no
but they're nice to have
I especially love the expanded initial sight radius mod
Huh, it said the game was waiting on me
exploring with a great general?
Why can you see that?
That's ridiculous
I know it is my turn!
Turns left on Classic era?
Well that fucking sucked
Poof, goodbye 5 pop
I see those missionaries and that scout
:suspicious:
Why can you see that? Do you have spies already and they are invisible?
:innocent:
I don't know what you're talking about
Well, you somehow have something invisible or some ability through Cahokia
yeah, I own it
crab people?
:raised_eyebrow:
I see your Naked and Famous
don't worry, you can have some
In other news, man, you really hemmed in Spain
lol
yep
Why even let them live? It's torture
cause I lose a 15% bonus to science when I go to war
That damn flood really hurt
I lose 5 population, and I have to go repair everything
5 population!
damn
Yeah, it fucking sucked
Damn, one computer really REALLY wanted us to not have Amber
Damn, one computer really REALLY wanted us to not have Amber
apparently
I had to check to make sure it wasn't you
Crab People
Crab People
Mind if this is the last turn of the night?
Mind if this is the last turn of the night&gt;
if will only you
Ok, how to convert this?
exit
i saved
delete the current play by cloud
let me know when done <@UDC03KCGK>
oh wait, maybe you can't
hmm
I'll take my turn and delete it
It's really satisfying to beat CJ by a point
oOeNy
join please
take one turn to be sure
Sure
Man, if that whole set of turns was Play by cloud, it would be like 2 or 3 days to get that far
yep
all you
You take joy in trapping my scouts
I can neither confirm, nor deny, such allegations
Have a good night man. You got tomorrow off?
LOL
That bot can get annoying
also hilarious
still can't decipher that message
Have a good night man. You off?
?
You got tomorrow off?
lol
I wasn't even close
not that I'm aware of?
is tomorrow a holiday?
Well it was "Have a good night man. You got tomorrow off?"
So you were half right
somehow I dropped those words
:hmm:
I'm worried America is going to build a wonder before me
Getting a lot of duplicates
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
let me know if you're interested in converting this to realtime at some point today
You dick, voting against sending me aid
lol
Wow, you really have Spain just bottled up there
That was a long ass turn, and why I like async, because I was able to really puzzle out what I wanted cities and districts to be working on
So the webhook doesn't launch if you leave the game too quickly, but the turn was preserved. So your turn <@UETS9HTSS>
So the webhook doesn't launch if you leave the game too quickly, but the turn was preserved. So your turn <@UETS9HTSS>
:perfect:
:perfect:
just like the webhook, you sent it twice
Called an emergency session for all your flooding?
That's all from me tonight. Headed to bed. Sorry I haven't had time to do any live games in about a week
World congress fucking sucks. I logged in for my "Turn" and it is just waiting for proposals. What the hell?!
8er43
8er43
<@UDC03KCGK>
Let me know if I just saved us a turn. It is world congress, so I'm wondering if it will let you vote and take your turn all at once
And?
I don't recall
I think I took my turn
Perfect, means that it skipped world congress holding you up
Basically if you jump right back into play by cloud, it will let you vote even though the other players haven't
Nevermind...
<@UDC03KCGK> are you free?
I am actually starting dinner. So I might be later, but not for the next 3 hours.
