Who is playing race right now?
Me, although a little less
I've been very slow at playing over the holidays
like once per week
Yea I got distracted because of the slowness
I was mostly surprised to get a Race ping at 11:40pm on NYE
bumping the fact that terriforming mars the phone app has multiplayer functionality similar to race
Jaipur might as well
same with lords of waterdeep?
Dunno, the review said it's buggy as shit and it's twice the price
no idea what this is
Or this, but it's one of the board games someone has right?
I've been playing it vs AI, and it works quite nicely
I've only come across 2 bugs
the power to money converter card doesn't work
and the company requirements +/- bonus doesn't stack with the science event requirement +/-
because none of us own race for the galaxy?
No I don't know this game, but one of us owns so I'd be up for playing in person before I buy and app
Not looking good for recovering active games in race
Oh well they'll time out. Time to start new ones
Means he has to buy the expansions again or one of us does
WAIT WHAT!?!?!?
He can't recover the game or the account those are 2 very different problems
I assume he can't recover the account, thus can't recover the games. Hard to imagine why he would be able to get one but not the other
Game data/id is stored locally not on the server
So many games ended early by drew
Yeah, well I just ended the games that Brenden was a part of. I did end up not getting to 3 of the games I had with just you though. Been busy and was spending way too much time in Race at one point
Can you start games again <@UETS9HTSS>?
I could, yes
But you would rather getting us to play :terraform: :mars:
Ugh, how much is this app?
$10 i think
hold up
I didn't say that
also I don't think the TM app works quite like race
also the TM app doesn't work on my new phone
awwwwwww
Ewwwwww
I submitted a bug report to their devs
I had hopes
we'll see what comes of it
Can you please start 4 four player games, and 5 1v1 games with me then when you have a chance?
Major bugs included?
I need <@UDDE5960N>’s friend code
found doug's and drew's in the chat history
L62SXPEE
created 5 four player
5 1v1 with drew, 5 with cj, 2 with doug
All those games say 1 week instead of 4
And they didn't have expansions on strangely
I'm not so sure about that
My coworker Viral's friend code: `QPPX6CFF`
Mine does so glitch with Drew
I already declined the invites after that because they said 1 week and only New Worlds
Did I just steal a planet? I didn’t know that was a thing. 
One of the expansions allows for it
yeah, that's called a takeover
the explosion symbol does it
I belive when we played at wayfair, we specifically excluded that ability, as some felt it fell into the "unfun mechanic" category
It's not very fun to be on the receiving end of no.
But I like that it is there. It's such an oft ignored power
Full military can just be so damn hard to compete with
I would say it's also the most inflexible one
Eh, you can get some military windfalls or production planets
it's a good way to counter certain strategies revolving around one planet
or around production worlds
It just adds enough of a suboptimal play mechanic that I enjoy its existence in the expansions
you all should download the terraforming mars app
so we can play
I have a game going with marissa at the moment
Thought it had a major bug. Got fixed?
doesn't work on my phone, but I use the steam version in the interum
there was one bugged card I knew of
the convert X power to X money
haven't tried it in months
there was one bugged card I knew of
You can download steam on your phone?
no, I'm playing TM cross platform
marissa is on her phone, I'm on my laptop
I only need two more achievements before I'm at 100% completion
and they're "win 10 online matches" and "win 5 solo games" (meaning one player games)
lol
maybe......
How do I add you???
BRENDEN I DEMAND LOVE I DOWNLOADED THE APP HOW DO I LOSE TO YOU HORRIBLE!?!?!?
We need to be online at the same time
So this evening I'll start a game or two
I'll give you a heads up when I'm free, I unfortunately have plans
ready when you are
I'm good my dinner plans canceled lackmind is the user
don't see you online
i see 123 people online
120
127 people online
look for Beerdeau
nada
out of curiosity, iphone or android?
android
I sent something in the chat
well that worked
Do we have to finish the game or will it hold?
it'll hold
Now we just need one with <@UPGVCMGD9>
As long as we can team up against <@UETS9HTSS>
I'm on too!
I think we're done playing for the night, but I can create one
From what I can tell, CJ plays when he is commuting, and right before he goes to bed
How does the TM app play having played the board game itself?
Like Race is an almost direct one to one
It's pretty close, I find it harder to keep track of what other people are are doing though
The bots use Standard projects a lot and it's kinda changed my take on the cards
currently, I'm not super active on TM given that I need to be on my personal laptop or in bed to play
but I do enjoy it
I played a full 2 player game vs ai in about an hour last night
I like doing 4 AI
because it closer mimics the actual game
Or how I would play it
I play 2 player with Marissa a decent amount
So I don't _usually_ play with 4
my average is around 140-150 points
DAMN SON
I've yet to find a strategy that beats science/churn
Science?
Ahhhhhh
science tag cards
but the science corp is now boring for me to play
so there's that
Missing discounts and Titanium was the confusing poart
last night's game I terraformed all of mars
like, every tile had something on it
Playing through it a couple more times, I wish they had more cards that don't have requirements for production
I had slightly over 30 plant production
I'd have had a new high score, but the AI beat me to city placement
multiple times
lol
Given how hard it is to boost prod, I'm not surprised that discounts are powerful
DAMN 82 is impressive
on a physical player board, that would be a 30, 20, 10, 9, 8, 5
which is super silly
yea, but like I said I wish there was a way to better ramp production.  The more times I play it, the less and less cards I want
science, earth, jovian, space event all are almost always worth taking
in solo challenge, it's a different story
Yea but only if you can get the resources to access them
SOLO WAS SOOO MUCH DIFFERENT!
You guys played so much TM at the bar, yet not a single turn in Race
DAMN IT! I don't have the race notice I thought I was up to date
I'll fix that today
Yeah, when you're on the train or getting ready to go to bed
Or pooping!
Poop turns are the best. So much concentration
Look, he poops! <@UETS9HTSS>
I'm WFH
I can play as much as I feel like without sitting on the toilet
I'm still in office, people to talk to and all that Jazz
Against who?
Something feels wrong about having Galactic Federation for 10 points, and still only having 32 points
Lol
It just illustrates how planets are generally not a good way to get points. When you win full military, usually you're getting some big developments in there too.
Sorry but this is the better score
Marissa won a game against me
Hence the photo
1v1 feels like it is very different than 4 player
I don't think I have ever done a 4 player tm
...what?
I've done 3 player, and a couple 4's. Never 2
Gross
118 VP!?!!
yessir
So are standard projects good? Should I play more of them?
Which is weird cause early game it feels like they're rushing with all the standard projects they trigger
I DON"T KNOW?!!?!?
but the computer sure does love em
what difficulty are you playing the computer on?
mine rarely play standard projects
the reason I was able to drag the game out is that the opponent didn't build heat production
and had a hard time increasing heat
I had lots, but didn't use it to drag the game out so I could use my blue cards that give points per generation lots of times
I always put it on hard mode
:hmm:
Opening move is consistently standard projects
weird
I thought so too!
I guess I haven't really payed much attention to opening moves
and what if they draft good cards, that have requirements?
might as well get the income boost of a standard project
I have no idea, but it's made me re evaluate the standard projects
I thought so too!
I guess I haven't really payed much attention to opening moves
and what if they draft good cards, that have requirements?
I have no idea, but it's made me re evaluate the standard projects
might as well get the income boost of a standard project
TIL about the UI does consider which Dev or settle phase you pick (1 vs 2)
I'm absolutely being embarrassed in my current round of all expansions games with Brenden. Learned a lot from these ones
I forgot I have that bloody fucking tie on my record
<@UDL020K8D>  you still playing? Trying to figure out who we are waiting on for the 4p games
Everyone
Clearly not you or me
its not me
Brenden is the culprit then. Weird because he did catch up on a couple games he had going with me
<@UDDE5960N> if you're going to start more games in Race, please set them to 4 weeks
<@UETS9HTSS> willing to set up some more games?
In race?
In TM?
In Borderlands 3?
In Race. Not joining Borderlands 3, and TM I am waiting till I do other stuff first this week and make sure I got what I needed done
<@UDDE5960N> <@UDL020K8D> are people still going to play or is Race done for now?
Ehh, I haven't been keeping up with race much lately
I'm still playing whenever my turn comes up
I DIDN'T GET THE NOTICE :disappointed:
Well that explains those 3 games. Might be waiting on <@UETS9HTSS> for the 4p games though
Out of curiosity, why won't you consider joining for Borderlands 3?
your pc won't play it? no interest? don't feel like spending the money on it? not enough time?
I didn't play any of the previous games. I have never been one to jump into sequels out of order.
Then there is the full price game while I already have a big backlog of games.
Haven't had the time yet to play those games, yet alone new games that just came out
I would have played new games when you guys were doing Apex Legends, or other big multiplayers like that, but didn't jump the bandwagon in time. Would do smaller games like Unrailed or Overcooked online.
But I seriously have a back log of games to keep me well entertained if I played an hour a day every day for the next 2 years
yeah, but singleplayer can be less fun than playing with friends
Which I currently don't get that much in. Most I did was I got 150 hours into Breath of the Wild and maybe 50 hours of Starcraft last year
Lost by one point
You got me back there though with that last game. I thought I had you dead, but I ran out of card economy and was just fishing for scraps
Yea, I always hate that so I build against it
You got your revenge there beating me by a point.
<@UDDE5960N> I'm trying to keep you entertained at the hospital damnit! But it also means we are careening through games
Not at hospital now
I had to go home to prep for baby
Ah, so you're on a train? Or am I distracting you at home?
Home probably going to pass out, baby car seat installed, baby clothes good to go!
sleepy time
get what sleepy time you can; I have a feeling you won't be getting much soon
7:30 to 9:30 is not a good sign
you slept from 7:30pm to 9:30am?
so 14 hours?
Yea
:uhoh:
Good thing for paternity leave
So I have to ask <@UDDE5960N> because you were thinking of playing games: did your phone not notify you again about being your turn in Race?
Yup!
If you think it's been an unreasonable amount of time just ping
Well, it could have been baby stuff, which I am certainly not going to fault you for not having time because of the baby
But I also figured Race is the kind of game you can play at 4am while rocking her back to sleep when she woke you up for the 5th time that night
Yea I just depend in my phone to tell me and sometimes I click in and get immediately distracted by mei or baby
Waiting on you <@UDDE5960N>
Your turn again
Done!
You probably were taking a break after that last session but it is your turn again whenever you're up to it
I am so fucking happy about that win <@UDDE5960N>
Lol!
I think you win more than you lose
It was simply the fact that I won by using a takeover power on the last move and on a tiebreak
<@UETS9HTSS> any interest in some more Race? Maybe some 3 player games with me and CJ?
I don't find myself super enthused about playing race lately
It feels more like a chore; I think I overdid it and got bored of it
Fair, it definitely was at a point where to catch up on one turn for all the games was a solid 15 minutes
I feel like I used to go hard into military in so many games, and now I almost never do without the right cards for it. Definitely a way to score the most points, but not very often the way to shut the game down quickly with a solid 35-45 points
Also those goal tiles that got introduced in the first expansion just add so many points that you not only can't ignore them, but I've had to actively go towards them. 
The tableus that are made as a result can often have little to no synergies, they are just made to get the extra 3-5vp per goal
Turn again
Turn
Turn
<@UDDE5960N> any interest in starting new accounts in order to keep track of our 1v1 record?
Because I don't know anymore who wins more or when.
Lazy and I don't really care
Alright. Just thought the data would be interested
Also I think you just beat me on cards because I picked produce. Not sure if you had that Merchant Guild out already or not
Oh, or you stay 1 point shy? Forgot you only get the 1 windfall produce, not the bonus
Double public works! <@UDDE5960N>
????? When you did a search?
No, one of our new games we both played Public Works turn 1
No, one of our new games we both played Public Works turn 1
ohhhh
ohhhh
Turn
Done!
Done!
Did it again with double public works. 
I generally do not like the card
Beat a rando last night just to see how skills compare to the community.
<@UDDE5960N> you've been on a streak against me. Think you've won most of the last few games we've played.
lol
it comes and it goes
Speaking of: turn
DONE!
<@UDC03KCGK> your turn
