Filled it out again. Free every week night and during the days Saturday and Sunday. Sam is also out of town for most of that week, so I am gonna have free time to do a game night and Gloomhaven or 2 Gloomhaven nights if we all have the availabilty and interest.
<@UETS9HTSS> did we get a result from that poll?
it would help if <@UDC4QL95G> filled it out
tuesday might also be an option
I just asked my dnd group when our next session will be, and will update you on if I can do that tuesday
<@UDC4QL95G> bumping this; I want to prioritize gloomhaven, but also need to commit to two other things and am waiting on this
he is still snoozed on slack
oh, but not his work slack. bug him there.
I sent him a DM with notification here
oh sorry, my schedule is 100% open
<!here> we could technically play 5 times in the next 10 days
How many times do you want to play?
Once
Twice
Thrice
Four Times
Five Times
<@UDL020K8D> please vote
looks like doug only wants to play once
did I vote for the 8th? oops, I shouldn't have. I'm not free that day.
this poll is more about preferences
Thursday the 9th would be the ideal night for me. Or Friday the 10th
sounds like friday is the ideal day so far
<@UDC4QL95G>
Friday works for me
Friday it is!
see you all in 47 minutes :troll_dance:
plus a week
Cool, nice the we have a day picked out
Did we play on Normal or hard last time?
lvl 1
I think its is from a scale from 0(easy) to 7(super hard)
Did we play on Normal or hard last time?
lvl 1
Also we were supposed to heal 2 any time we long rested
well that's important information
So when we get drunk and tired of Gloomhaven, <@UDC4QL95G>  is in for Poker, specifically Texaia Hold'em
Do we have gloom tonight?
yessir
Nice 
my house right after work
remember, converse the cards you have to discard, charge forward. time is a bigger enemy than zombies
Slow rests shorten your life. If you short rest to get one or two cards back, you will be on your way to passing out quicker than expected
My back-track would not have been so detrimental if I had let myself long rest to recover my cards
This sounds hilarious I think i'm going to come just to color commentate
you can be the bartender so drew doesn't have to take time away from planning his turn!
Soooo everyone is drinking the dakota special, straight shots!
hah, I'll be drinking beer
shots in the beer? have a boilermaker?
I will not be drinking
Will be there closer to 5:30
wait... no drinking????
have you fully recovered from Wednesday night?
Bought this; it arrives on Tuesday:
<https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00NTMC49G>
did drew wind up taking the minatures home?
:luffy_vomit:
I'm not sure I understand the reaction <@UDDE5960N>
he puked all over them at some point wed/thurs
Also I would not like to paint minis
I was going to paint them
And I have them with me
80%? I spent all day yesterday in bed or on the couch
<@UDDE5960N> <@UDL020K8D> when yall leavin
I'm gonna take the normal train so I'll skip out
:gasp-w:
Review writing is exhausting without alcohol
why are you writing without alcohol???
are you crazy?
Kinda, but I also really really didn't want to be writing these this weekend
I did not succeed
But i'm half way through mine and only have 2 peers left
I know i'd be writing mine sunday morning
and by that I mean sunday afternnon
Clearly you're not doing that with alcohol
LOL!
Unfortunatly I'm probably running :dnd: sunday so I won't want to do it that night
And I got dragged into a bunch of stuff tomorrow soooooo.....
oh regardless of when I do them, there will be alcohol involved
I guess I"m finishing these tonight
gross
yea this weekend was free, and then became busy last night
now you are gonna miss all the stories of wednesday night
Not fun
True
but I got a decent amount on slack
I'm sure there's more and better in person
only things i miss are things that will pop into focus in my hazy memory as people ask questions
Pretty much
Home btw
Train is stupid far behind. I've been here almost 15 minutes without any sign of one!
Leaving Boylston now. 
Finally got a train
Not sure if this came up, but you apply poison damage before you get to the 2x card
The oozes that were spawned don't drop coins
Elements can't be created as part of a card as an action. You must perform one of the actions, and thus create the element. Brenden's xp gain from that would have been invalid
We can communicate with the generalities of "attacking near the middle of the round (early, late)" but can't be specific like "I'm going to use my fireballs to take those 3 guys out. "
Which is weird because I can say "I'm going to heal you, or moving here, or attacking this guard"
I could desummon my spirit. I don't need to wait for it to die.
And depending on your reading of the rules, cards like my wind attack bonus or Dakota's healing bonus can also be moved to lost or discard (depending on the symbol). It requires an interpretation of the rules though to get there.
Donating to the sanctuary (something we completely ignored) adds 2 bless cards to your deck for 10g. Only once per visit to Gloomhaven
Apparently in the FAQ erratas, it specifies no card titles or specific numerical values. So maybe just avoid words that obviously give away the card being used? Like I can't say fireballs because that's just a blatant workaround, but I can say "I'm going to use a multi target spell on these enemies"
There's an FAQ rule that specific clarifies what I asked Brenden. Once a card is played, it immediately goes to the pile, before a second action is played. Ergo, I can cancel my summon, play my fireball, and recover both with my recover lost cards ability, all in one turn.
Summons cannot loot
Dakota can totally long rest, then fall over exhausted  when he only has 1 card in hand after the rest
Monsters can retaliate against invisible figurs
Enemies avoid hazardous terrain and traps even if this constitutes a longer path to us. However, if there's only one way to go, it will go that way.
Enemies don't gain bonuses like shield from an ability card until it is actually their turn, then lasting till the end of the round. So an elite with a perma shield will never not have it, but if the flipped ability card gives them a shield, we can sneak in before that comes up and it won't take effect.
The bless cards are only good for a single scenario, right?
Correct
Also the round tracker does not matter what so ever unless a scenario specifically calls for it
Also no more monsters are placed if you run out of standees
so leroy jenkins is a valid strategy :rollsafe:
No, we got a bless from a road event. 
Now we know there's an actual reason to donate though :thumbsup:
Looking back, I think it was a mistake to do scenario 66 instead of 2. I feel like these random ones won't really contribute to advancing the plot/unlocking the major game mechanics.
When you play Skyrim, do you do the main plot or all the side quests first?
I tend to advance the main quest a decent amount, then branch out
Yeah, I’m kind of the same way. 
What happens to gold and items when you retire? If they go away with the character, perhaps people with secret objectives that seem to be near to completion should focus more on global stuff :wink:
Yeah they go away
I can personally guarantee that my secret quest is a LONG way away
Like, hundreds of gold, and many scenarios away
I don't regret the side quest at all. I had a great time with that map
I enjoyed playing it, but I feel like we should have done some of the main quests beforehand to unlock/open up stuff
similar to the skyrim analogy
Going with the Skyrim model, maybe we want to open up the map a bit first, get more options, then sei back to side quests. 
Brenden beat me to it. 
thoughs, <@UDC03KCGK>?
I never completed the Skyrim main quest, so I disagree
but did you advance it at all?
I never completed it either IIRC; I just got far enough that relevant stuff was unlocked
Uhhh I never got to the dragon  on top of the mountain.
That part I did get to
Hell, the top of that mountain was one of the first places I went to
and the quest wasn't even unlocked at that point
I just jumped up the side of the mountain, and found that magic pick
<@UETS9HTSS>  did i leave the Jamison at your place on Wednesday?
yes
Cool
I posted these all in this thread because I didn't realize they weren't in channel <@UDL020K8D> <@UETS9HTSS> <@UDC4QL95G>
My thoughts are advance the plot, then side quest. Side quests are fun and good to do early, but my main frustration about the side quest was not having another easy level quest to figure out rules, character build, etc. 
So having a little bit of a lane to follow for the first few quests is good
is it too early to talk scheduling for the next session?
I know I'm ready for another session
We can talk scheduling. 
I have a week or two of schedules ahead of time. Depending on how we want to spend Wednesday we can do that. Otherwise I'm pretty busy this month on weekends and got a lot more night shifts than day shifts.
I'm gonna go through the rules pretty thoroughly before I want to play the next session. That heightened the analysis paralysis way too much this last session. We were going into town and that wasn't exciting or fun but stressful. And that's totally solvable by just reading the rules fully and the mission book up to where we are.
I'll have to talk scheduling a bit later. Some stuff in flux that I'm probably not free Wednesday. As a result might be free Thursday or Friday this week. Depends on what works for you all
I can probably make any of those three days work
This Friday would work for me. 
<@UDC4QL95G> Friday?
Sure
I'll send an invite
You cannot refresh consumed items with reviving ether as the spellweaver. 
Consuming an item does not equal a lost ability card, despite the symbols being similar (the exact same?)
Stunned monsters can't shield
Each monster has a separate turn, and should be moved in order of priority. Affects attacks and movements
so if I stun a monster that inherently has shield, it is negated until the stun wears off?
interesting. I thought shield was tied to natural defenses
that's what I assumed as well
reminder that we have gloomhaven session 3 this friday evening
also my paint set was delayed
bets on <@UDC03KCGK> drinking?
That's my understanding from the faq by the designer
I'd drink, just keep it to 3 max
I don't know how we've been playing, but monsters generally do everything possible to avoid negative hexes unless there are no other paths to an enemy it is focused on. So a path of 2 to a player through a trap and a path of 10 without one, the monster will always take the path of 10, even if it takes multiple turns to get to the player
We do play it right however that when the monster does not have line of site to a player at all (because the door is closed and thus a wall) they just simply do not move or attack because they have no focus. Invisible players can really bring out some edge cases with this
Note that the scenario level does not increase until we get the average level of all of our characters past 2. So we've got some time that being as aggressive as we were for the tower probably doesn't make sense in the future
Did we remember to add 12 xp of bonus experience for completing 2 scenarios?
I also think the benefits and penalties to reputation are more minor than we are giving them credit. We're talking +- 5 gold at each extreme. Hardly what I would factor in as major to our decisions to go good or bad
This is for Dakota mostly: when you level up you only add 1 card to your pool, at or below your new level. You don't get more cards to your pool for selecting cards from a level lower than the one you just got. A level 9 character will add exactly 8 cards to their pool
You get a perk every time you level up. So it's 8 perks plus 6 additional
Read the rules in full finally. Also the scenarios we did. The treasure doors opened and stayed opened permanently so we didn't need Dakota's heroic cannon pull because that plate never actually attached to that door
I'd like to help set up the next scenario just to prevent a golem situation from happening again.
Clarification on stun: it will take away shields from the flipped ability card for the monster. It will not take away stat level shields
Definitely not
That one was on Doug, I had similar thoughts
I think that means I get a perk now
As given the bonus xp from completing scenarios, I'm definitely over the threshold
I think I might want to take on the role of scenario DM and be responsible for this stuff in the future
this is a thing?
You get bonus xp every time you successfully complete a scenario
Scales with scenario level, like gold
Yup, I'm literally an xp short from leveling and would have probably done some things differently last time had I been aware of the rules
But you definitely hit level 2
Yeah, that makes sense. I'm just very sensitive to reading all the details and double checking these are things so I just want to help out
Ah we did not. is that 12 per completion or 6 each
We have been taking this into account. The main questions have come up with exactly where the mobs move two options of equal distance appear, one of which is advatageous to us on our next turn, and the other is obviously better for the monster.
Wait what about the non-treasure door?
<@UETS9HTSS> does that make you lvl 2 now?
that's kind of dumb. Why would they have some of the doors work differently than the others?
<@UDC03KCGK> do we get 24 bonus exp for finishing 2 maps, or 12
I think 24 will level me up, but 12 doesn't
yes
to throw a wrench in things
plot twist
I don't see that scenario being feasible to get all the treasure and complete if they closed
I thought that was part of the point, if you want the treasure you have to make real choices and sacrifices.
<@UDDE5960N> you gonna stop by tomorrow to see what gloomhaven is like?
Pod inning, so probably later in the evening
Ah <@UDC03KCGK> will probably be trashed by then.
Sweet baby Jesus!
12. 6 per scenario at the moment
Oh man, I'm not gonna live this one down any time soon
After all the tie breaks, it's our pick. Monsters go for lack of disadvantage, then most amount of targets, then intiative
6 each
Not with me here!
We still talk about you damaging Brenden's wall, why would this go away if that stuck
DArn
I'm using Impaling eruption wrong. It can work like Doug's weird trample path
how is trample weird? I'm a tank, I run over people. The problem is that I haven't gotten it to do any damage.
Yea, I'm gonna say that almost freezing to death because of drunkness is gonna last a while
Tanks don't run people over, they push people around
In LoL Alistar has trample.
yea but he doesn't run people down he just has AOE dmg
He deals damage while moving. like I do.
Singed is another example
My point is your path where you trample in a circle then go right back to where you started like it's some weird Mega Man Chipset attack. I can make the spike path go in a twisty line if I want, not straight.
Oh I had a coat. Dakota didn't
I had a phone too that I only needed my fingerprint. I would have maybe made it
Well, that would have involved an hour or two sleeping at the bar before you were capable of walking on your own
I really wish someone had video of the 2 of you walking
does it have a max range?
It wouldn't have been too exciting. just drew with his arm over me for support
But I imagine with both of you that drunk that you're basically leaning against each other and that's the reason you're both going forward
And stumbling back and forth
4
might try to make this tonight:
<https://www.cocktailbuilder.com/recipe/spiced-averna-toddy>
Do we say it starts at 5 or 5:30?
5 technically
that's around when I'll be leaving work
<@UDC03KCGK> looking up how curses work would be useful; when they're drawn, are they removed from your deck?
Bless removed from deck when drawn. 
that I'm aware of, want to be sure for the curse
Tiles we'll need:
B3b
M1a
A1a
A2a
A3b
A4b
scenario special rules:
each of us adds three curse cards to our modifier decks for this scenario
*Introduction: _(this is the second part of Black Barrow scenario #1)_*
The stench of death and rotting flesh gets thicker as you kick past the corpses of your foes and head deeper into the underground burial site. Guided by the muffled sounds of conversation, you find your way through the maze of crypts and burst into a small room full of hard-faced bandits, all with bows at the ready.

They're clearly guarding something. You must be in the right place.
How do you all feel about me playing as DM, and trying to play as a player without OOC knowledge of how things work?
So I wouldn't tell you how the scenario functions, just the goal.
`Goal: Kill the Bandit Commander and all revealed enemies.`
I'll try to set up the scenario before you all arrive
I would appreciate it greatly. I'm sorry that you will have some elements of the event spoiled for you though. We could split the burdon as well, having us switch off so only one of us is spoiled per round.
Yes
I can never make 5. 5:30 is the earliest because I have to travel from work
I would enjoy switching off and running a scenario
You would have to show up early enough to set up the board
That can happen some days
Sorry about the rule mixup this evening
I feel like all you guys do is fuck up the rules
That's ok, like I said, I didn't catch it either and had read about bosses to know that was a thing. I just forgot about it amongst everything else I read.
I did think about it and would like to switch my vote to the Inox encampment though
Also thank you guys for being patient about the whole determining focus for enemies thing.
Next week I'm free Wednesday, Thursday, Saturday, and Sunday before 4pm
I assume 4pm only applies to sat and sun?
It only applies to Sunday actually
I even used an Oxford comma to try and mitigate confusion
Fun fact for <@UDL020K8D> and if I ever lose my mind and go poison pill build: retaliate by passes shields. It is distinctly NOT an attack, and thus does not flip cards. Shields only repel ATTACKS. So retaliate builds are distinctly for taking out high shield enemies
Do you think retaliate lasts until the beginning of your next turn like invisibility, , or just for the duration of the round
Usually it is duration. I have one I can level up to eventually that is until consumed
Looking at some guides, and they really rate Crackling Air pretty low. They do like lil summon though and frankly think the Ice Blast spell is pretty trashy
So need to know if we are looking at scheduling anything this week.
I could do Friday, but that's it for this week for me
I think this is usually mostly dependent on you
what's your availability like?
<@UETS9HTSS> <@UDL020K8D> <@UDC4QL95G>
I was early with it this time!
Next week Wed we have board game night.
Thurs and Sat would work for me
I believe.
I can do Thursday
I have a beer festival on Saturday
but might be able to do Saturday morning if we start early
Doug this is for this week
I sent it back on Friday
oh
I can do this thursday
oh, this week I don't think I line up with you at all
well, let me caveat all of this with the fact that I need to head to NY at some point in the next week or two and don't know when
so my availability is all tentative
Understood. Hope things are ok
need to attend a funeral
she's not dead yet, but she will be
Figured as much. Sorry to hear that
No Gloom this week. Will post my availability for next week as soon as I get it. They sent out a batch of 3 at a time, but rather than keep that rolling every week, this scheduler apparently likes to do it once, let it run out, then batch it again.
weird
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
keep us posted :thumbsup:
She's not great at scheduling anyway: Got scheduled on my time off, and then there was the whole thing where I was put on Sundays despite my availability showing I could never do those
Free Monday night and Wednesday night this week
Can do either
<@UDC4QL95G> <@UDL020K8D>
Same
Isn’t Wednesday game night?
Yes Wednesday is game night, but if we are the only 4 that can do that game night, why not Gloom?
But does Monday work for you <@UDL020K8D>?
I’ll tell you tomorrow. 
Ok, fair enough
Hi <@UDL020K8D> it's tomorrow
Still working on it. 
<@UDC03KCGK> what's your work schedule for Thursday?
Monday works for me. 
Ok great, because Thursday absolutely did not work for me
Anyone else willing to host on Monday?
I'm 90% sure that my roommate is coming back from a _multi-week trip to China_ and if my apartment is to become ground zero for a Boston outbreak of a certain plague, then I'd rather not rope the rest of you into it
I can, if your willing to carry gloomhaven. Probably easier for you to bring it to the office. 
Thanks; let's plan for Doug hosting <@UDC4QL95G> <@UDC03KCGK>
Can do, 5:30?
Works for me. 
I’m home cleaning 
I'll head out in a few after a rather unproductive day
bug in production isn't reproduceable on my local machine
:thinking-tilted:
OH just clicked into this channel. That coulda been awkward
did you not realize this was today?
I did, I never read the fact that it was at dougs
am I bringing saucy bread to this?
or is that mine?
I'm good either way
I don't need it, but if you bring it, I'll eat it.
I'm already on a train at Longwood so I'll be there by 5:30
Do you have Gloomhaven with you Brenden? Seems like a lot to carry between that and Saucy bread
Yeah I decided to not carry both
Apt 5 right?
Yeah. 
59 Hull. 
Be there in 5
So I really enjoyed tonight's scenario. I personally felt like I had more of a handle on my character, and that all 4 of us had a role and were fulfilling that role well. 
I thought I could handle the DM role. There is a lot going on though in terms of shuffles, elements, monsters, and rules. I liked how we parceled some stuff out though, and being able to call out what we were planning to do was more natural.
DM screen or initiative tracker is a must though.
I'm liking this more than I did our DnD sessions though, and I'm prioritizing playing Gloomhaven over being able to make other game nights.
Are we in agreement to just straight up do the quest Doug was pushing for? After that though I'd probably like to check out the Inox encampment
<@UETS9HTSS> how much does it take to get to level 2 prosperity on your map?
I need to check; I'll see about doing so when I get home late tonight if I remember
<@UDC03KCGK> what's your schedule? When are you free?
I'm free Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday this week, with a preference for Tuesday.
I also have my schedule for the following week of 2/10, where I'm free Tuesday and Wednesday
<@UDC4QL95G> <@UDL020K8D>
Preference for Wednesday
<@UDC4QL95G> <@UDL020K8D>
This is for this week
I have another game this Wed. Cannot do. 
This is next week Doug
Oh, then sure. 
Tues or fri 
Tues or Wed
<@UETS9HTSS> and <@UDC4QL95G> Tuesday work for you both?
That is next tuesday? not tomorrow
actually doesn't matter, both work
yes tomorrow works
My place?
Yep :thumbsup:
Where to hold it? 
K. Didn’t want to assume. 
<@UDC4QL95G>
Great, also I can be there as early as 5 if we want to start half an hour early
No preference
either is fine by me
Wednesday it is
I'll send out the invite
Ok great, back to back weeks is good
So we're all ok that this is instead of the normally scheduled game night that week?
what if we do game night this week on Wednesday?
I mean we can, just won't have Doug able to join
Yeah, cannot do this Wednesday. 
Still playing tonight yeah at Brenden's? 5pm start or 5:30?
5:30 sounds about right
I'll likely arrive home a bit before that though
Sweet, I'll just hang out at work and be in the area by like 5:15 then
running late
Drew, where are you?
I’m heading out now. 
<@UDC03KCGK> 
I'm down the street
I’m probably going to hit Cava on my way. Am hungry 
Home
Well, going up the elevator
Weird 
That's what I found in the chest
At least you can sell it for 25 if it ends up not useful. 
That's what I'll be doing
Also speaking of loot, we got to keep the loot from the scenario despite failing it
I think I had 5 coins
Also speaking of loot, do me and Doug have that damage to boss item
It seems unlikely. Those are scenario specific. They are pointed out in the special rules, they aren’t actual cards. 
The helix ring seems good for this scenario specifically
You’re level 3? So you can carry the ring and the gear at the same time. 
Thoughts:
1) doing 2 scenarios in a night moves the game along faster, but we have to rush through other parts of the game that I think it so far has been better to quit while still having fun
2) Brenden is just an overall faster DM. I'd rather be nearby to help catch potential mistakes, but that overall I have enough going on just regarding my character that I don't need the extra distractions
3) Would like to come up with a better system for voting. 
4) Enjoyed the scenarios and the element manipulation becoming a bigger part of it. 
5) I keep pushing for Inox Encampment because I think it leads to giving us more of a tree of scenarios like the current quests have been. Specifically the old woman Jekharta track (Neutral?) While we are doing cult investigation (Good?) Where we could have branched to helping the cult (Evil?)
I'd like to know more about that 3rd track line before picking a story route to deep dive down. 
6) think we are all the kind of players who go "Sidequest? That's priority number 1 now!" So I'm fine with how we've gone off to face the colorless or the clock tower
I think we should only do 1 scenario on a weekday evening (Friday I'd consider 2)
ok
The element manipulation was interesting, but it felt weird that everything else was nerfed to shit but light/night
So my frost was useless
Open to other voting methodologies
Yeah, it was definitely a weird one. Also was probably because my class was the one that had the cards to use those elements and steal them from the enemies.
<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=orybDrUj4vA>
It's a minute and a half, please just watch it between code pushes or emails
our problem was that we tied after this method.
Drew, we're all nerds here. If you get rid of the nerds there's no votes
I demand to be the tie breaker in the future for voting!
Sam was suggesting that wherever there's an impass that we just throw the options into a hat and pick one.
The oks ties so then we asked preference. That ended up 2-1. I don’t think we had an impasse.  
Because we had abstains.
Abstaining is legit. 
Like, there's only 4 of us, not voting should not be a thing
Vehemently disagree
It’s a choice Dakota and I made. Why shouldn’t we get to do that?
Clearly you cannot force Dakota to vote. 
I still feel like I should get to be the tie breaker, massive chaos
Maybe Dakota thought none of these choices are OK
There wasn’t a tie. 
Yes, but not that  you've suggested you need a tie breaker, I want to be it!
There were ties though in the discussion, it was only to make sure there wasn't a tie you or Dakota abstained.
Not true. 
I didn’t vote because the result didn’t matter to me that much. 
Then people complained when I gave up and went flavor forward of always abstaining
what if when we have a tie, we use chwazi to determine who has final say?
Like CJ should get final say
if he gets picked by chwazi with one finger on the phone, sure
I Vehemently disagree to the motion that I am forced to vote
also, I disagree that abstaining should be banned
if you don't have a strong opinion, then you shouldn't _need_ to vote
Lame
you would have to be on call though
I mean if you guys slack me, my phone's on me
Drew can text me
Not sure if anyone else has my number
I didn't get the impression that people were voting with strong opinions. More often there was 1 strong preference one way, 1 strong preference a different way, and 2 slight preferences, that were expressed prior to the vote.
I don't want to wait on someone to get a tie breaker
we already spend too much time on decisions
And we could've just as likely had 2 people abstain at the same time
if we have abstains, then we ask them if they want to break the tie
if they don't, chwazi
Just saying when you need the tie breaker, This guys got it!
There's only 4 of us. We had a whole thing about Dakota not voting in local politics, but when it is the most local possible, it's legit?
The problem I am having right now is people choose to abstain only after they see that there will be a confilct, and that system has worked perfectly so far. What is the push for change?
I don't even have a stake in this and I want to vote
You can have my vote if you are present. That is an open offer
Echoing Dakota, seems we care to a consensus decision quickly and successfully. 
Because people had opinions they would vote on and solely didn't vote to resolve conflict. 
If it were Avalon, they would be voting
Hell, they'd have to vote!
Avalon is trying to maximize conflict and confusion. We’re aiming for the opposite. 
Fuck yea MAXIMUM CHAOS!!!
Look, I'm just finding this all very frustrating because anytime I have a strong opinion and feel like there's someone on my side, they are the one that abstains. So we've spent 2 missions now doing something I didn't really want to do (felt like 3 but I'm the source of the debacle at the beginning) (3 if you count that the party just reversed track again based on the city event coin). I can't imagine the way most parties are doing this is with abstains, hell I feel like they are coming to more often a party consensus and going that route.
ahh shit, if he comes we're going to side with the cultists
What's wrong with supporting some cultist in hilariously evil things to do
Ahhhhhhh this fucking message keeps showing as unread!
I will help him do that
I think the issue comes from the `feel like there's someone on my side`
If 3 people have strong opinions, and the fourth does not, then both parties will feel like that player is on their side
Even if you that person was leaning towards one side, 2.3 votes for :upvote:  and 1.7 votes for :downvote:  still get outvoted by the 2 with strong opinions
How do other groups solve this problem? We can't be the only ones with a 4 person party playing this game coming across these scenarios
Arm wrestling challenges, or rock paper scissors
Random chance simulator
OHHH OHH I LIKE THE RANDOM CHANCE SIMULATOR!
what we did felt very close to ways I've seen consensus made in other small groups. You get a feeling for the loud and the soft opinions, cases are made, eventually people drift a bit, and the longer it goes the more people are willing to drift because to end the impasse.
soft opinions drift the most
And what happens when you get 4 people who vote and a tie again?
Cause that happened multiple times before this week
the soft opinion drifts once the desire to end the impasse exceeds the desire to get your way.
people naturally act to end conflict.
I think that is a terrible system. Voting systems are constructed around trying to make sure it isn't people just desiring to end the impasse
That is a system of "Hey, let me strong will you into giving up"
Right so you just need to be the strong side drew
You must leverage outside resources to keep Dakota tied closely to your side
We can't trade money. I could bribe Doug consistently if that were the case because he doesn't have any loot actions
Its not strong arming. its recognizing some people care more, some care less. then you sort of aggregate it.
I joined Dakota's side and did not feel coerced to do so
They still care. The fact that they need levels of caring is kind of shitty
No Drew I'm referring to actually bribing the human being Dakota to always go along with your plans
why is it shitty that I cared slightly less?
That's what I'm saying about it being strong arming. "Hey you had a stance, but you need to drift for us to get resolution, so screw your opinion because you aren't adamant enough."
This is unavoidable with descete choices
I'll go for pick options out of a hat long before I go for abstains and strong arming
All choices are random, CJ is the sole arbitrator
so I can't say I care a bit less and let voting work? We have to jump to no one makes the decision? That sounds much worse
it comes out in the wash
You three are my friends. I don't mind letting Dakota choose for me every now and again
I don't think we should be breaking ties by abstaining or pushing a weak opinion around. Or picking an option because it got 2 votes and the other options both got 1 (3 option scenario)
Like if we can't make a group consensus on this stuff, I'd rather split ties randomly. That's more "in the wash" to me
At least then I'm looking at it going "ok, chance went against me there"
Hence, go with counting the maybes. There's 4 options? Who's ok with 1, 2, 3, 4? Allows us to not pick the options we don't want, but express all the options we're ok with doing
And if there's a tie, at least the majority were "ok" with the option that gets picked
Say we have a 3v3 tie between two options under the maybe votes. Brenden didn't vote for one, I didn't vote for the other. Doug and Dakota then discuss which of the 2 we are doing
Tie of 4 people vs 4 people? Well whatever we pick, we're all at least ok with it
2 people vs 2? We fucking suck at this and CJ breaks the tie
Vote early, vote often. Hey Chicago what do you say? Cubs are going to win this day
Step 1: Everybody votes (abstaining is allowed). Discuss, if no consensus, move to setp 2.
Step 2: Strong opinions Only. If tied 2v2, random. if tied 1v1 move to step 3
Step 3: Soft opinions discuss and break tie.
Any voting system though breaks down when you take into account 2 steps in the future
If there's 1v1v1 for strong opinions also random!
nope. Soft choses then
1v1v1v1 is random
Not sure what you're saying on this part
if we cannot make a decision as a group, but the argument is clearly one player vs 2, I think we go with the two though right?
What about this makes more sense than what I just proposed?
I want A but only if we never do B
I want A but only if B
Soft votes matter
I want A as long as it is done before B
Yeah, which I agree is too much to account for
Dakota splits votes into soft and hard
But they are valid opinions, and should not be disregarded
Yeah, I'd rather get away from that.
But they are valid opinions, and should not be disregarded
Dakota splits votes into soft and hard
So, you have to express that opinion in the system.
You just said any system breaks down though
I'm saying I don't want a system
Yeah, I'd rather get away from that.
Well, then we all need to agree. Nothing goes through without full consensus
That's the alternative
:huh:
we have not all agreed in teh past, and we do not currently have a system
I'd much rather we had an actual majority express they are at the very least ok with an option, than what we are currently doing. And would be happier if I'm the lone vote against something where everyone else expressed, "I'm ok with this option"
As long as I am allowed to not vote, I'm happy.
I will vote against any system that does not include that stipulation
You want to not vote in the system I proposed? Vote for everything. You've effectively not voted
What about this makes more sense than what I just proposed?
That's literally called out in the video
I want A as long as it is done before B
Voting for both in a binary system is just annoying
why force it
Binary, everyone votes, and CJ breaks ties
Also `I'd much rather we had an actual majority express they are at the very least ok with an option,`
in yesterday's voting, when was this not ture
By abstaining, you are saying that you are ok with both options
Picking the scenario? We have like 6 options. It isn't binary, and I'd rather see where we end up going under a vote for all the oks
binary options happen in situations like the portal
Portal was one of 5
going to the enchanter could very well lock the portal forever
It could, so had we done that system in full, we would have resolved the binary
By including 2 enchanter locations in the 6 options, those effictevly mean "are you willing to lose the portal forever"
Yes, exactly
And you know who isn't ok with that? You! You know who abstained? You!
I did not abstain in that vote
because I didn't care
I abstained the vote for for vs against cultists
That was a 3 option tree
so in that situation, we had 3 "we are ok with siding against" and 1 "i am against"
We did not consider going to inox in that situation
We didn't do a full vote. Had we, would have gone Inox likely, or for the cultists
Had we done a full vote, we likely would have done the same thing
If inox were involved, I would have voted against cultists to avoid going to inox
it's kinda like how people gamed Venn.
Had we done a full vote, we likely would have done the same thing
If inox were involved, I would have voted against cultists to avoid going to inox
And you'd have had an opinion. So you specifically would have only voted one time of the possible 3 votes you had
Correct
So just try the system then!
You had an opinion worth voting on
No, I was literally gaming the system to avoid inox
that is NOT a good thing
Which meant you strongly disagreed with Inox
That's my fucking point
Yes, but inox wasn't an option when we voted
I was NOT against inox in the second vote
It was!
You abstained twice!
We voted for cultist vs inox?
Yes
huh. Well it went my way anyway :lol:
I shouldn't have abstained that first vote, though I think at that point i was making a point
Please just try the system
We did not consider going to inox in that situation
How do you define "you are ok with an option"
like if I am like 70% on direction, am i ok with the other opition?
You vote for it if you are ok with it
cuz that sounds a heck of a lot like pushing around weaker votes
It takes the bite out of strong votes
which is bad
A vote is a vote
Whats wrong with letting strong opinions form what we do
It just leads to strong wills crashing and at least one of them feeling dragged around
If we can't get 3 people at least ok with an option, it shouldn't be what we do. Because half the group didn't like it. Hence the CJ pick or flip a coin
If we vote between 3 options and only 2 of them want it, that's not what we should do
But we never had 3 people not at least ok with the system!
There was no point yesterday where we did only what 2 people wanted
Yes we did. We had one against, one abstain, and 2 vote for
That's not majority!
ABSTAIN IS A VOTE FOR BOTH
YOU SAID IT YOURSELF
WE ARE ALREADY USING YOUR SYSTEM
We did playoffs
No we aren't, it isn't a vote for both
We have 6 open scenarios to us, we might go an unexpected direction by doing maybes
That's not majority!
I'd like that a helluva a lot more
WE ARE ALREADY USING YOUR SYSTEM
No we aren't, it isn't a vote for both
We did playoffs
I don't like putting all 6 options to a vote. Like we did with inox vs cultist, we need to break it up more.
I.e. Inox, Portal path, cultist
then sub vote in portal path
Great, you dislike my option, I dislike your's. Another impasse
You want to put the 2 enchanter options together, fine. It's still close portal, portal, Inox, help cultists
There was no point yesterday where we did only what 2 people wanted
just caught up
so from what I glean of what drew is proposing, we're looking for the scenario that people have the least negative opinions about
which may well be everyone's 3rd choice
which feels weird to me
I am also having a hard time finding where we didn't apply the core of his system yesterday, outside the vote where he abstained out of frustration
I think what this doesn't take into account is the complexities of conditional agreement/disagreement we had yesterday
we had all sorts of, I'm okay with this if we do this after
like I want to unlock the enchanter stuff
there was compromise, some bargaining
sometime soon
hence that was the main rationale behind my decision making
Wait, would drew's system remove compromise and bargaining?
kind of
ew
I enjoyed being convinced to flip my opinion.
so one thing I do agree about is that it feels like Drew's always the one voted against
so we never do what he wants to
which feels weird
Drew you need to pick more popular options so you stop getting outvoted
The current opinions are:
1. I want to go to enchanter soon
2. I want to go to portal before enchanter
3. I want to do Inox
4. (i don't know doug's opinion)
5. I want to join the cultists
Actually cj im 90% sure you want to jump in the mystereous portal floating in teh middle of the crypt that we just cleared the cultists out of
Wait WHAT?!?!?
A magic portal just appeared from no where?!?!?!
AND YOU DIDN'T JUST GO HEAD FIRST????
We walked into a room, and a bunch of cultests were surrounding a pitch black portal to the elemental plane of power or something.
After we won it was like "Yeah, you can totally just jump in!" or you can go seek some lady to close it cuz you probably should
LOL!
So yea, I wanna jump in the portal.
Brenden wants to see enchanter, but is totally fine doing so after jumping in the portal, as long as we see her son
Drew wants to explore more of the story by going back to encounters we unlocked earlier to explore the world and lore more
I still don't know what doug wnts
See this is why I kinda like :dnd: because if you don't deal with the scary portal, BAD THINGS ARE SOOOO GONNA HAPPEN
To me, going on people's 3rd choice, while feeling weird, also means getting taken unexpected directions that the whole party is like "ok, that's a way to go"
As opposed to "We're going this way, and the squishy mage is getting dragged there to"
us voting against Drew is pure coincidence. I think we're solving for something that will solve itself with a larger sample size.
I am struggling to think of a path we took that I actually wanted to take. With the exception of running into a forest fire
The only time we went "where I wanted" was to respect a stupid vote I had made.
just small sample size
Brenden has the right of it in terms of summation of it all
`I am struggling to think of a path we took that I actually wanted to take.` There is no guarantee that implementing a strict system will change this. I think if anybody speaks up and says "I REALLY dont want to do this" we will likely respect it regardless of votes
But that only works if there are more than a couple options.
That hasn't happened. Should I yell?
I'm not willing to play Gloomhaven so we can get a sample size of 25 times shit didn't go a way I was ok with to prove out this hasn't been great in that regard and would like to address the problem
I'd like to try a different voting system and see where that takes us for a few scenarios
We might find ourselves in unexpected places we are ok with
instead of places 1 or 2 people really want to be and 1 person really doesn't, and 1 person is just along for the ride for
What situation are you talking about?
The motherfucking Inox
That is trying to veto everything other than inox!
Saying "I Really want to do this" is very different from saying" I really dont want to do this"
In the inox situation, you are trying to apply a veto to more than one option
No, I REALLY didn't want to fight the cultists
I would have gone Inox, or help cultist
Ah interesting I wasn't aware of your strong opinion there. Unfortuantely the discussions were broken down into binary choices therough, which doesn't work with any sort of veto system
I think in that situation, it was fair to say: which storyline do we want to follow
I don't think it would have been fair to make a choice within a storyline because it happened to be grouped with an option from another
i.e. we are all mostly "ok" with taking the help cultist path, but given the choice between only helping the cultists and hurting them, we would chose hurt.
That's an interesting path!
That's us as a group, not strongwilling one or 2 members into something else
I don't like the fact that a major decision could be made by avoiding an unrelated location
and again, goes back to "we would respect it regardless of votes"
Under your initial statement, it would be avoided had we gone "So you really don't want to fight the cultists?"
`But that only works if there are more than a couple options.`
The options were "Help or Hurt"
I don't like the fact that a major decision could be made by avoiding an unrelated location
3 is more than a couple!
Inox was not part of the decision to help or hurt cultists
Inox? Merc route. Kill cultists? good. Help cultists? bad
I want to be Merc or bad
For the last time, yes it was!
We took 2 votes
1: Cultist path or Inox path
We chose Cultist
2. In the cultist path: Help or hurt
we chose hrut
That's my point! Don't group them, you'll go unexpected directions
Triaging it is the problem and loads the vote
That would have resulted in a "Oh, guess we're going evil? fun"
PIcking which storyline to follow should always be the first vote and independent of location
Instead, "We are not going this way. Now we are not going that other way. Sorry Drew, you wanted opinions?"
so you are fine with this:
3 of us want cultist, so we say maybe to both cultist paths and no to Inox.

Final vote comes to:
2 inox
4 help
3 hurt

suddenly 3 of us, who would have really preferred to hurt the cultists aren't happy
If you weren't ok with helping the cultists, you shouldn't have voted help
But if you're ok helping cultists over inox, then yeah, that's a better net result
Ok with an option is still in the positive camp
So if it were a 5 point scale, you have more net utility from 4 people picking 4, than 3 picking 5 and one picking 0
Except we all are willing to give consessions up to a point. I would strongly desire to go against, but i wouldn't but too upset if my vote was overruled, so by default I am then ok with going to help
Great, you are more ok with getting overruled than me. That's a preference
Taking it a different direction, which won't solve the long term, but at least solves the interim:
From what I've seen of the game so far and peeking just a touch (no spoiler), there's 3 branches emerging.
1. Fight cultists and demons and save Gloomhaven
2. Help cultists and help destroy Gloomhaven
Given inox vs cultist, I vote 100% cultist
Given help or hurt cultist: I vote 100% hurt
Given inox, help, or hurt, I vote 0% inox, and both cultist because I would really prefer to go cultist path than inox.

Multiple people feel this way, we wind up going to help the cultists, even though when given only the choice of help or hurt, all but one of us Strongly prefer hurt. That feels weird to me
Right now we have an idea of where fighting cultists go, and the next levels of that path
We also have a pretty good idea of what we could do to help the cultists, and get an idea of where that goes.
I don't have any idea what this Jekharta person wants and what quests come from helping her.
When I play these kinds of stories and games, I try to get a sense of what all my options are before diving down one. We have no idea what the Jekharta route actually entails, and thus haven't fully surveyed our options before diving too far down that path
Once we know where that path is going, it would be easier to more definitively pick a way to go.
Personally why I lean toward helping cultists rather than fighting them, is that there seems to be very little repurcussions for helping them (a slightly more expensive store), and very little reward for fighting them
But I would like to know the Jekharta route before making a choice, because it could be more interesting than all of them
For the record, still fine with random sidequests like Ancient Tech or the weird light/dark fight taking precedence like they have so far
And yet you abstained
Which didn't go "strongly prefer hurt"
1. I don't like Inox because a merc route sounds boring compared to cultists.
2. Closing the portal option put me off the "Kill the Cultists" path. I'd like to jump in, then go help them
So if this is how you feel, fine, but we'd save a shit ton of debating had you not abstained
Hence, fuck abstain
Woh woh woh, this was a hypothetical
Isn't jumping in still kill the cultists in a way?
Don't think so
I think it is more side-questy
What do we want as a group? Like do people want to be fighting the cultists and going good?
I think helping cultists would be more interesting. Fighting them seems like the obvious path
Usually I go good in games, and our dnd campaign, then we unleashed a devil and dnd got way more interesting at least story wise, so I'm trying to go evil in Gloomhaven for once
Actually, if people had just objected to abstaining, i would have just voted with the majority, which is the same
I propose a ranked choice voting system for all available scenarios
You can't vote after the vote. Unless you're saying you would have voted the way the other 2 did without knowing their votes?
Based on the discussion, I knew what everybody was voting
<@UDDE5960N> we're bringing back the "nerd"
that is when I chose to abstain
I'm ok with this. Less simple than the oks, but at least states preferences
1 being "I want to do this the most"
2 being "I want to de this the second most"
and so on
What do we want as a group? Like do people want to be fighting the cultists and going good?
Go until something gets 3 votes?
the scenario with the smallest sum after the votes is what we do
Oh, nevermind, that
I like this system
before we vote, we can try to sway the other party members towards a scenario for reasons like I want enchanting and such
or like "this will likely contribute to me retiring
How do you break down what we can vote for
all available scenarios
if 8 are available, rank them 1-8
Even if that is mixing storylines?
I'm trusting you fuckers not to game the system
yes, even mixing storyline
E.g. Custist path or merc path
If you really don't like a path, put all those options at 8 or 7
exactly
This is the system I'm most happy with
that falls apart with few choices
like the inox vs cult path
we have plenty of choices
we do now, but it would not have worked before
idc
and we may get back to a situation with less choices
we'll cross that if we come back to it
somehow I doubt the storyline will become more linear
it's a tree
Brenden for prez
how do you count ranked choice?
What do you mean?
how do you decide a winner?
I propose a ranked choice voting system for all available scenarios
Option with lowest total
you just sum everything?
Yes
interesting
new thread: whoever said we should go to scenario level 2: you suck
So if you really don't want an option, that 8 almost gurantees we aren't doing it
scenario level 2?
the scenario with the smallest sum after the votes is what we do
OH NO
Go until something gets 3 votes?
we should be at lvevel 1?
average level of party rounded up DIVIDED BY 2
ah, we did pretty well then, considered.
Even if this system only applies to picking scenarios, I'm much happier with that than the prior systems
Still like having a coin or CJ to break ties for Road and city events
but focus, I like this system for picking the next scenario every time
(3+3+2+2)/4/2 = 1.25. Rounded up =2
what am i missing
we should all be around level 4 before we hit scenario level 2
Uh, no
wait, one sec let me math
Dakota has the math correct
wait, we were levels 2, 2, 2, 3.
average level 2.25
half that is 1.125
round up
scenario level 2
It spells that out in the rules as their example
we had 2 level 3's
(who else is level 3)?
I stand corrected
Marissa is apparently wrong that we should have still been at level 1
Marissa is apparently wrong that we should have still been at level 1
Hey, we're all on the same page now
page 15
that's where it's from yeah
Marissa was right though about Spellcaster items don't refresh from the get lost cards back card
its a choice
Wait, how do you ever get level 0 then?
you lower the leve lto make it easier
You should be at level 1 scenario, you decide you want easy route
0 is never the recommended
oh it's "recommended" got it
0 is the I play Halo with permanent overshield option
which I guess is just called "Easy"
Or just halo 3 on easy.
"I'm too young to Die" setting
Yeah, you seriously can just run and gun down anything without ever hiding
OH NO
Dakota will never reach his goal if we play easy
That'd be dark, he'd have to self sabotage then
I read somewhere that they based easy mode difficutly by making it easy enough for a random person to be able to complete the level with on ehand
For Halo or Doom?
Halo 3 specifically
Huh, didn't realize it was only that iteration of Halo. Halo 3 is definitely the one I played the most of
Lot of Legendary mode to get achievements and armor and whatnot
The range of difficulty of each mode changed a TON between the first three games
I played the hell out of 2 and 3
Doom I feel like should have labeled Nightmare as something akin to "Pound me into the goddamn dirt"
Didn't play 5 yet. If someone has an Xbox 1 and wants to blaze through halo 5, drunk or sober, I'm down.
Halo 5 is on the pc as well
But i have game-pass so all those games are available to play for free (including halo 5)
Sweet. Did you ever beat 5?
I don't remember :lol:
Looks like I'm coming over if TL doesn't happen Saturday then!
I know I beat 4, I don't know if I did 5 or not
:ohno:  I have shopping to do then
I beat 4, that weird boss with the nano guns and stuff
But you were going to do TL!
Oh that was at my place?
:lol:
I assumed Dave's
Either way. I'll just do some shopping either way
Oh, I was going to host TL
Why does it matter? You were going to be preoccupied for 4 hours, so I'm just filling the slot. Go shopping when you were originally going to
2 of them
You live directly next to a grocery store
Yes, which is why i don't keep snacks or drinks stocked
I need to shop because I wasn't expecting company
OHHHHH
I thought you were saying "Oh no, but I have shopping I need to do at that time"
not "Fuck, I have company coming, better buy munchies"
Exactly
We also had discussed playing one of the Gears games at one point
Forgot which one
So, can we go ranked choice voting method for picking scenarios?
Since we need to figure out what we are doing next session anyway
Looks like I'm coming over if TL doesn't happen Saturday then!
Which speaking of, we never nailed down that session did we? or did we decide that's what we are doing instead of game night?
Ah, well those are all free as well
See, got to make one of these co op game days happen
Then go to Park
Disaster ensues
Order some tripe while we are at it
As long as there is less vomit!
For sure. Not getting that drunk ever again
:crickets:
are we doing glookm instead of normal games this wednesday? sounds like CJ and Aysh maybe want to play
my thought was if other people want to play, we do games
if it's just us, we do gloom
ok, so we tell CJ games then?
but if other people want to play, when is next gloom? :eyes_intensify:
we'll figure that out.
I can post my schedules after work today. I have then through March 1st
:yaas:
So I'm free every night except Monday the week of the 16th
Not free Tuesday the 25th
Everything else is pretty open though at the moment. Might pick up shifts and will keep you updated if things change.
I leave for Seattle on the 20th
Till when?
Thoughts <@UDC4QL95G> <@UDL020K8D> ?
This week I could do Friday. Anyone not want to or able to do it Friday?
This week I could do Friday
Well, doug just confirmed his marital status
Newt week I can do Mon, Tue, or Fri
I can do Friday too
Friday, February 14th?
I never know when holiday\s are
Yea, Mei doesn't want overpriced food.  I have to bring her out on a normal night
lucky you
I was more joking, I can probably do Friday
Just need to verify when Marissa and I are doing stuff
I'm not free this Friday for the above mentioned reasons. Next week on Friday sure
Still waiting on <@UDC4QL95G>
Wait, we can't do next Friday because <@UETS9HTSS> will be in Seattle
:blobnod:
No one listens to you it's ok
:internalscreaming:
:haha:
So monday? Tuesday? Either work for you Brenden?
Ah, just assume i am always available
So let's go with Tuesday, because I'll actually be able to guarantee getting out in time
cool
to confirm, the 18th?
To confirm with actual notification: yes
What are all the scenarios we have available? Would be nice to submit votes before hand
Portal
Inox
Enchanter Location 1
Enchanter Location 2
Help Cultist
Retry Failed Mission
Just wish I knew the titles of the enchanter ones. I think you nailed it though for what is all available
Frozen Hollow
Forgotten Crypt
I say we submit all votes to CJ. Ranked voting like Brenden said, so 1 is top priority, 6 is fuck it all
CJ tallies numbers for each option. Lowest number wins
<https://civs.cs.cornell.edu/cgi-bin/vote.pl?id=E_a3753ed0d51a8e0a&amp;akey=e66df5b46c18c9e4>
found a website that does ranked choice voting
That is a just a test survey if we want to do it that way
Quadratic voting!
I'd prefer you actually have to pick ranks. The pick them all the same is kind of defeating the purpose
<@UDC03KCGK>
&gt; Quadratic Voting is a method of collective decision-making in which a participant votes not just for or against an issue, but also expresses how strongly they feel about it. It can help protect the interests of small groups of voters that care deeply about particular issues.
just make sure everybody picks each rank
I was responding to the vote system Dakota found online
just cuz you are allowed to pick same rank, doesn't mean we have to
I know. just every time anyone talks about voting systems I bring up quadratic voting.
wait, how does it defeat the purpose?
I just tested it. Does it show you the votes?
Because we had a whole discussion on this to avoid abstains. Ranked voting makes you at least put a level of distinction between options. If you just vote all of them as 5, you effectively abstained
Yeah, so I tried putting in both enchanter locations at 5. It doesn't reveal that without some fiddling
is that a bad thing though?
Yes, hence the suggestion to go ranked voting in the first place
I think it is fair to be able to rank 2+ things the same regardless. The algorithm is liekely smart enough to have that not affect things
This seems like a better solution though. For example, I skipped a rank 3 because I ranked 2 things as 5. I like that I was able to do that
Yeah I think it will. Still defeats the purpose.
so, there is a difference between gradient preference voting (what Dakota is suggesting) and ranked voting (what Drew is suggesting)
(actually there are multiple ways to do ranked voting, instant runoff being the most famous, but you can add other algorithms)
if we can find a website for instant-runoff ranked, that would  probably match our intuition for results most closely.
Advantage to that over sending to CJ?
We don't make cj do the results
and simply summing the results is not how Instant Runoff Ranked choice voting works apparently
It is not. The difference there is it goes in order of people with first preference. The problem is my understanding that that system breaks down with a tiny number of people
Because if we all pick a different number 1, there isn't a last place option to then reorder to.
That's why I liked Brenden's proposal, it does the trick while being easy to tally, and easy to run
I like the CJ method because I can take bribes to rig the outcome
I dont consider `it does the trick while being easy to tally, and easy to run` to be a good reason to use cj, since online polls exist
:facepalm:
That do it exactly like Brenden said? That's where i'm like "hey, doesn't have to be a technical solution"
Hence all the pushback I ever got over and over again to automating something
Wait I thought I wasn't easy to tally and easy to run, I'm suppose to be easy!?!?!?
I'm of the "Brenden picks his votes. We submit them to him, he tells us what won" I trust Brenden to do that and not take bribes
I'm of the "lets use an online service"
Find one that does what he says. I think that will take more effort than it's worth, but use your time how you want
Wait, is that poll not good enough?
Nope, because of the whole you can rank things the same
We're talking in circles here
HEY THAT'S MEAN!
He has an incentive to pick his own choice!
I think that is just a trust thing. if we want to forbid it, we can just say "make sure you rank one each"
We are all adults. I think we can be trusted to not game the system...
Yes, he does. Hence the word trust.
Threw trust at you. Instantly made me regret it
CAUSE IT'S FUNNY!!!!
There is also a setting to report exact ballots if you trust us so little
Also I would only want to do this if A) not time sensitive or B) I'm there
I think exact ballots have other purposes that are useful. The whole point of not just posting votes here was just to make sure that votes were all revealed at the same time, like we've been doing
Privacy wasn't the concern
Clearly Dakota, you need to give prometheus the power to make decisions, and you all just slack promo
And we're back to "a lot more effort than pen and paper equivilent"
But again, your time, use it how you want to
Yes but this is more fun
<https://civs.cs.cornell.edu/cgi-bin/vote.pl?id=E_6b74e069a864a662&amp;akey=2a2b4e5ec79c8d7f>
this poll shows the ballots
<https://www.rankedchoices.com/vote#63k0>
I'm so glad I joined this channel just to watch the voting argument even without context this is epic to watch
Hmmm interesting. Currently brenden's #5 vote is winning
<@UDC03KCGK> <@UDL020K8D> vote in mine
It doesn't even rank top 5 for me. That top 5 includes things like the "Clockwise" debate
So under this app, the result was Help Cultist (also somehow someone could not vote for 2 of the options)
Under Brenden's original way of doing it that doesn't include a random tiebreak, it would be:
Inox
Under Brenden's original way, Help Cultist and Portal are tied at 11, Inox was 10
Help Cultist was at 14
This is what I mean about Instant runoff failing when there are only 4 people voting. Doesn't work too well at small scale
Well more specifically, more options than voters
given it wasn't picked by someone, I just assumed 6 for both of those
So you can keep looking for other online apps, but this did not take any time for me. And can be replicated on a night where we want to do 2 scenarios with people just using paper and writing it down quickly
Had there been a tie between 2 of the options (say whoever put Enchanter 1 at 5 had put it at 4 instead) then I would suggest that Enchanter 1 would have won the tie break by virtue of having the most 1 place votes. Further ties go to second place votes, 3rd place, etc.
you are able to click the trash can to not vote for it in brenden's app
that doesnt' seem valid. we were spicifically told we could not opt out
Also I didn't realize that was going to be the offical vote, I just put things in pretty random.
LOL!
We were. Someone did anyway.
Well, that's effectively how you abstain in a vote
At least in ranked voting like this
I don't think that's how this works drew
If you don't care whatsoever between 6 options, you just randomize them. You didn't care anyway
I'm not sure how adding an element of randomness to a vote makes the result better than not voting at all
Having a random influence on the result is very differnt than having none
Hence back to no abstains
Wait what? Hence allowing abstains to prevent random votes
If you don't care about the result, I don't want you influencing it
We literally talked on the train the other day that you have opinions on what we do
I'd rather you voiced those opinions than abstained because they weren't the strongest of opinions
Yeah, if you have opinions, don't abstain
Which to me, is as small as "I really DON'T want to do that scenario"
correct. but if you really don't care at all, don't vote
dont random
Random is always bad
I concede to that argument. You are correct. I'd still say it would have to be a pretty extreme circumstance to have zero opinion whatsoever
So what you are saying is abstaining is back on the table?
If you want to partial abstain, say like what the person did in this vote, fine.
But if you're looking at 6 options and going "All the same!" or "Inox or bust!" I'm going to have a very hard time believing you and feel like this was all just to waste everyone's time and cause frustration.
Actually, voting only 1 option in ranked choice seems pretty legit. You don't have a second opinion, so you are basically abstaining for all other votes after inox is eliminated
Provided we do not use the sum method
I don't like the site I suggested
Which is why I'm against abstaining at all. Fucks up the sum method
now that I'm looking at methodology
I'm for SUM methodology
I don't like the sum method. It feels odd to me
we have 6 choices, likely it'll be even
It's basically a way of balancing people's extremes on things. "I really want to do this!" vs "I really don't!" and finding the more "well, I'm ok and would likely be happy having done this one"
Unfortunately, it does break down if people abstain and don't vote for several options. It can handle 2-3 being the same for the most part
But involves a lot of "add 6" to all the other choices
Does the system break down if we allow duplicate priorities.
i.e. 1, 2, 2, 3,3,3
Trying to think it through
My gut says yes
Because you'd be able to vote something higher than someone who was just honestly ranking them. Also increases ties
Hell, going back to injecting randomness, I think that's ok given that we are picking scenarios in a game. At a certain point, you're voting on far from perfect information as it is. Which enchanter quest do you want? Only had a name to go off of and the fact I didn't want to do more crypts
It feels weird in this situation because you are asking "which do you want to do more" between 2 things I don't want to do at all
Yeah, but which would you want to do the least?
If I told you you had to pick between shoved into a volcano, or crushed by a garbage truck, I'm sure you could come to some conclusion on which you'd rather not do more than the other, despite not wanting to die and suffer either fate
See I would rather avoid the choice entirely tbh
like, they suck. Don't make me pick which one sucks more
lol
I choose shoving Dakota in the a volcano less clean up
Yeah not really sure which death would be quicker
my corpse being unrecoverable doesn't concern me. Only real factor there would be how much pain i'd be in
CJ, less clean up? He'd already be in the garbage truck. It's so efficient!
Point is, you'd still go "Huh, well that one seems less painful"
You'd never want to pick, but if you had to for some bizarre reason, you could
I think you went a little to far on this one. If i'm being forced to pick, i'm gonna do anything in my power to make it so I don't have ti
So you work on spite?
Yea... that's dakota.  Also when I think crushed by garbage truck I think run over by one, not crushed in a garbage truck
Therefore depending on the crushing pushing him into lava is steal easier
Also there's disposal of the body in the truck once you've crushed him.  I don't see the down side to the volcano other than the fact it's more difficult to find, which in this hypothetical scenario is not a factor.
Oh I meant crushed like the Shredder
If I wanted to crush him the other way, we'd be talking a steamroller
I mean you could run him into a wall more effective with a truck than a steamroller
In short. Picking multiple 2's and 3's is more breaking than just not voting for the last 2 options
I mean yeah. If given 2 options, neither of which I like, why would I just pick one?
Especially if it is for something like dying
wait in short? the whole discussion was
```My gut says yes
2:29
Because you'd be able to vote something higher than someone who was just honestly ranking them. Also increases ties```
Want to go ahead and explain how it would work? Because right now the incentive is vote all 1's and all 6's
We're going to need to play at Wayfair on Tuesday
Oh, ok then. Boylston or Copley?
Did we over step and get your roommates pissed off at you?
Nah, my roommate is actually planning on hosting tomorrow
and I'm not going to start a conflict over that, as she doesn't do it very often
Makes sense. That's much better news than the alternative
Forcing people to rank things exactly 1-6 makes them less able to express opinion on how much they want to do an event. Also there is not any incentive to vote all 1's or all 6's.
That example heavily skews the vote. It's exactly what I mean: the person picked 1 for the option they liked the most, and 6 for the rest. Shocker, the one they put 1 on won
That is not at all what you were supposed to get out of that. 2 lost because both player 1 and 4 were forced to add 1 and 3 respectively to their score.
and a player voting 1 one and all 6s did not have too much of an effect on the overall outcome
especially considering none of us are likely to do that
Player 2 is a wildcard in this situation and their scores could be manipulated to give any output desired.
Well, yeah, 2 should've lost. That's why it's preferential voting. This voting system arbitrarily forces something to win that shouldn't.
Wait, why should 2 have lost?
If player 2 had put 5 for A instead of 3, it would have been a three way tie between A, C, and D,
Swap C and D and you get a tie between A and D
please give me an example of how it is so bad.
Can we just confirm that we are playing Gloomhaven tomorrow? <@UDC4QL95G> <@UETS9HTSS> <@UDL020K8D>
K
yep
Oh, location is...Copley? Or Boylston?
Probably Copley again? Although it's Doug/Dakota vs. Brenden
Idc
Copley, not carrying Gloomhaven over to Boylston
it's already here
also saucy bread is here
I gave you the example, which was they would never be incentivized to put something as less than another option they liked. It allows them to artificially bolster their favorite options.
We literally couldn't do one vote without people doing that
it's already here
Copley, not carrying Gloomhaven over to Boylston
also saucy bread is here
I gave you the example, which was they would never be incentivized to put something as less than another option they liked. It allows them to artificially bolster their favorite options.
those were not formalized votes.
those were not formalized votes.
is today a 1 scenario or 2 scenario evening?
I'm going ot guess 1,  just seeing how long last time took
given that we're not at my apartment, I don't have a hard end time anymore
Does anyone else?
Are we starting at 5 or closer to 5:30?
I'd like to start as early as people are ready
i booked at 5 so I have the room to set up
Alright, grabbing my food and going.
ping me when you arrive
<@UDC03KCGK> note that we have saucy bread
But I have Craigie Burger
you do you
it's here if we'd like some
<@UETS9HTSS> at Copley
running late due to work thing
<@UDC4QL95G>?
<@UETS9HTSS>?
:crickets:
So much for ping him when I get here
Sorry
Didn't get a push notification
Coming down
Slack can be dumb like that
What room did you guys book?
<@UDC03KCGK>!
Tapestry. Next to the kitchen on 5
Leaving boyl now. 
<@UDL020K8D> if you don't enjoy playing the tank, now would probably be a good chance to reroll into either tinkerer or the unused class if you want to try something new.
<https://gloomhavenshop.com/rules/line-of-sight/|https://gloomhavenshop.com/rules/line-of-sight/>
Ok, so we play LoS correctly except for pillars, which don't block LoS despite feeling like they should. 
However, I don't fully grasp the bandit can't attack through the wall when the corners do line up, but the archers can range through the exact same thing.
It's the last example
I think we have only had one instance where a pillar blocked line of sight, so we were mostly correct
I'm still confused on how walls work with the clarification that the enemy can't be attacked melee through the wall, but for range, yes
Oh gotcha. The mele dude is in line of site, but he is not adjacent to the hex since moving to the hex would require 2 movement, thus 2 range
Yellow dude in this picture is range 2 away, thus not in mele distence
he DOES have line of sight though
The pillars are actually hollow, and there you can shoot things but not physical touch them!
Give to ally, perm 1 shield.
pretty powerful for a tank
<@UDL020K8D>
Perm 1 shield is awesome. 
do shields stack?
or are they like temp hp
yeah seems pretty nuts. Start the battle: Perm shield, add a medpack card to your deck
can I use generic actions on medpack cards?
like move 2 or attack 2?
yup
if so, medpack cards are quite valuable on me as they're attack 4 cards
yep
but the card is consumed regardless if you use it as a heal or as a generic move/attack
I played that shields stacked that last game. just an assumption on my part
```A "Shield X" bonus ability gives the recipient a defender's bonus that reduces any incoming attack value by X. Multiple shield bonuses stack with one another and can be applied in any order.```
yaaas
So when it comes to sheilds that last the rest of the round, yes they stack like normal
When there are limited use shields, you can apply a round-long shield first, and if the damage is 0, the other shield does not apply
yaaas
retaliate sucks, shields are awesome
Also, <@UDC03KCGK> if you have frost armor, and you take damage from re-rolling a short rest, the frost armor charge is consumed
shields block damage from short rest?
frost armor is not a shield
it prevents all damage from one source
Correct. Frost armor negates a Source Of Damage. Shield reduces damage from an Attack
makes sense
Also this will liekly never come up, but a player can chose to lose a card from their hand to avoid damage, thus saving a frost armor proc if they choose
it likely will
if he's taking 1 damage and doesn't want to kill his armor
and there's a dude that deals serious damage in front of him
True, but wouldn't it be better to lose the fost armor, and only discard a card if the dude that does serious damage actually hits him?
either way you lose the card
I suppose
fair point
Did not play that right
Though I think it only would have come up at the very end. Got lucky on my short rests yesterday
Dakota is right. Though I've seen a couple builds where they don't even bring the frost armor in.
Seen some use Crackling air, but then get rid of it again. I've also seen people give Crackling Air more priority as far as bosses are concerned.
It's just a very difficult card to play since they suggest "One lost card per rest" and then talk about crackling air in the same sentence as a lost aoe
Also, I know people really want to rush off to the enchanter quests, but I don't think it is worth it at this moment.
A) There are other routes to get to the enchanter that aren't the generic boring good guy route
B) Enchantments cost a shit ton. Every level above the first adds 25 gold. If it is an AOE or 2 target + card, double the cost.
All I want is extra movement
Which is like 30gp per card
Which isn't terrible
Extra movement on a level 1 card?
Drew stop be logical, this is a chaotic group
Yes
Alternately +1 attack on a level 1 card is 50gp
hell I'd probably save up to upgrade the attack as well
so I'd have a non-lose, 4 move 2 attack
Ok, but to upgrade the same card is another 75 gp, on top of what you were already spending
So by the time you've upgraded that card, you've sunk 155 gp into it
true, so I'd likely do two +1 movement on two different level 1 cards
for 60gp
:sanik:
Ok, but again, why do we have to go this particular route to get enhancements?
This isn't something that we will only get by closing the portal
Plus I really really want to jump in the portal
Or help the cultists. I'm guessing Inox is just going to be shut off after we fucked that one up. Which I get. I'm grateful we gave it a chance
What you have to accept is that you guys are going to fuck everything up
I think we're just behind on perks CJ
so we overleveled with experience, but don't have enough perks to actually raise our power level enough
So your basically fucked up the power progression
?
yeah
we failed too many missions, then upped the difficulty level
and got screwed by city/road events
taking away perk checkmarks
we talked about dropping the scenario difficulty back to 1 from 2 for a scenario or two
So just to recap, you guys were already sucking and they're like "This is too easy HARDER"
You sound like a bunch of masochists
We kind of are.
So I've done some reading ahead (I will keep spoilers out in the future). What I can say just from what we have available to us, is we actually cannot go to Enchanter #2 mission yet, because the instant you flip to it, you need a global achievement we do not have yet
Just gonna throw this out there:
I am super against any of us reading ahead, like even just a little. It leads to opinions that affect the whole group, even if only you read ahead
For example, Knowing that we are getting close to enchantments kinda kills the desire to explore, since we know we are getting there soon.
Knowing inox could be locked out led us to go there, and drew to push very hard to go there before it gets locked
Agree with Dakota. 
To be fair, knowing that pushed me harder, but I still wanted to go there from a perspective of getting the lay of the land before diving down a story.
So this means you still want to go to the Enchanter?
I'm sitting out of this fight.
I'm kind of done fighting. You may be against reading ahead, but reading ahead both made me more excited for future games, and less opinionated on what exactly it is we do
So...I'm kind of the opinion to just follow my character's RP and let you guys carry the reins
The fact that we have a person in the part with future knowledge alone changes how we form our own opinions... It is basically a crutch because it's super easy to think that "oh drew knows what is gonna happen, obviously he will keep us out of any horrible pitfalls"
My suggestion, Drew tells me stuff I give him suggestions, and you never know if it's what Drew really thinks or what CJ things would be the most hilarious outcome
if thats what you gotta do to enjoy the game then alright. Does that mean you will not be discussing where we go next at all? ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Not sure how that works, but ok.
I don't know what is going to happen, and I did not look much at all at what the scenario itself would run. More lore and future trees. I got enough to go "Ok, I have less to fear than I thought"
It solves the voting problem doesn't it?
You guys want to go enchanter, we'll go enchanter.
VOTING ONLY BECAME A PROBLEM BECAUSE YOU DIDN'T LIKE PEOPLE SITTING OUT.
And I'll run out of future knowledge pretty quickly and likely before I retire. So when I have a new character, I'll know so little I can go back to voicing where I think we should go
<@UDDE5960N> are you laughing? Because I'm laughing
So no sitting out cannot be the solution, because it WAS THE DAMN PROBLEM
(also laughing)
It is the problem, but I get the impression the bigger problem is if I voice an opinion like I did last night based on knowledge I shouldn't have.
So if you don't think I'm capable of doing that in the future (I can totally do that, but I understand why you would think I could not....also you haven't played Avalon in a while with me then), then it's better I just don't vote and be the happy "Where to next guys!?"
I just enjoy the game, and it feels fun and exciting when we win and go do new stuff, and it really really really is a downer when we lose and feel like we're not making progress.
I'm saying that I add an element of random, such that they'll no longer believe you'll always "save" them
Toning down the difficulty will solve that as well. We can turn it up when things start feeling easy, rather than when the game tells us to.
`(I can totally do that, but I understand why you would think I could not.)`

Trusting you to keep quiet about future knowledge is not the issue
<https://games-club-external.slack.com/archives/CQW23P86N/p1582132878060300?thread_ts=1582132015.057200&amp;cid=CQW23P86N>
Right
Which is why you need to think that I have some influence
It takes away the safety net because you know I'll troll stuff
Example of future knowlege seeping out:
 this statement alone gives us future information.
Well that's what I'm saying, I would judge my own opinions not on any future stuff. So yeah, I would totally lead you astray, because I've compartmentalized it to the point that I'm acting like the rest of you: unaware of the future results."
But I'll happily do the CJ game if you need extra free radicals
:chaos:
What have you learned from this?
I see it this way: There are very likely situations that would be totally unfun
you would never lead us into one of those
anywhere you lead us _could_ be horrible, but not in an unfun way
Because all that says is "I didn't read that far ahead"
I think you're underestimating what I would be doing
I also feel insulted that I can't convince Drew to vote for a terrible option where I get to enjoy the fallout
Like, yeah, I would be going back to what I wanted to do before reading ahead. Still arguing for options regardless of if I think they will be the most fun given what I've read
Unrelated:
Thoughts on treating losses that we don't want to redo as victories and just unlocking their content?
I.e. Pretend we defeated the inox
`Discussion concluded in DMs`
Results: Unclear
Either way, do we want to schedule the next session?
not a fan
Do we want to schedule the next session? <@UETS9HTSS> when do you get back from Seattle?
10am tomorrow
Though that's because my flight was just delayed
Which is oddly far in advance for a delay
:corona-beer: :coronavirus2:
But yes, I'd like to schedule a session
<@UDC03KCGK> what do you know of your upcoming schedule?
Careful, he's gonna be infectious now
Free Wednesday/Thursday this week. Not free next week at all
I could Wednesday this week. It is currently labeled as game night
Can't do thursday or friday. Wednesday works
So <@UETS9HTSS>, Wednesday work for you?
Labeled as game night, but have not coordinated anything for it yet
So technically am free
But if other people want to join, I feel bad about canceling game night
Weekend?
Sam's requested I keep weekends free if at all possible
fair
Does that mean you never are available on weekends, or we should make it rare
Rare
I think we should come up with arbitrarily complicated rules involving schwazi to decide votes
As long as there is more than one round of touching the phone
ugh
You can touch the phone between 1 and 3 times, but not 4
and five is right out
I'M GOING FOR 6!
there's a version of gloomhaven for PC in early access
fun fact
it procedurally generates levels at the moment as they haven't had time to program the actual campaign in yet
just tried out playing as a mind thief/cragheart combo for the first scenario
it was interesting
fancy!
:blob_peek:
I mean, I fly out Wednesday, and don't get back until late on the 11th
:collapsing_thinking:
So, we kind of have to either plan for after that, or CJ needs to do a round
I assume you don't know your schedule after the 11th yet?
Oh contrair but I do!
Doesn't Doug have a bit of a family situation at the moment?
yes, he does; he said he'd give us more information when he has it
I'm assuming doug will vote in a poll for after the 11th once he knows more
I will help with plans on Wednesday 
Free:
3/12
3/13
I do not know my schedule for the week after that yet though
I'm not going to vote, well, because obviously I can do either
please just vote for both
thanks
It's like not voting anyway
no abstaining!
(:joy:)
Also if anyone wants to try Scotch, I got a bottle of Auchentoshen (or however it is spelled) 12yr last night for free
Friday the 13th!
so March 13 for Gloomhaven
I may have a conflict for a little while after work on that day
how little?
it is on a Friday, so hopefully we'd all be ok staying a little late (especially if we do it at WF to not bother roommates)
My team challenged our partner team to captain sonar
and that was the only day that worked in the next few weeks
&gt; please only extend invitations for external visitors for business critical reasons
sounds like WF might not want us bringing in external guests for a little while, until the covid-19 thing boils over.
That sucks. Makes sense though. Don't want any idiots who deliberately choose to keep their travel plans to a developing European hot spot.
Bad news: my schedule got redone and now I'm working the night of Friday the 13th instead of during the day. <@UDL020K8D> are you able to do Thursday the 12th at all, of is that not even an option for you?
not available for me unfortunately
saturday?
wait, when do you know your schedule until <@UDC03KCGK>?
I got the week after as well just today
please post when you have a chance
I am only available Wednesday and Thursday the week after. 
The week after that I have Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday available
what if we do game night on wednesday, and gloomhaven on thursday?
My Thursdays are all booked. 
So I can actually do this Saturday between 9am and like 5pn
I could do Saturday. 
Sam ok with Gloomhaven on a weekend?
I should be able to do Saturday
<@UDC4QL95G> 
Yup, she has a work thing it turns out
<@UDC4QL95G>
Woh there was chatter here
Saturday works for me
<@UETS9HTSS> can you do your place on Saturday, or should we go somewhere else?
thought just occurred to me that drew will have traveled all over and is a potential covid-19 risk
CDC isn't recommending quarantine except for China, Iran, and Italy, I think
Drew if you see a chinese man, an italian man, and an Iranian man, You're a carrier
oh, and South Korea.
but just those 4 countries
<https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/travelers/after-travel-precautions.html>
Surprised Germany's not on the list
Its not nearly as affected
I don't think we need to postpone gloomhaven
I can do Saturday at either venue
what time are we thinking
If we're doing my house I need to know before friday at 4pm
Either way I don’t think we should do WF. 
We can do my place, Brenden's, or Doug's. Any and all work. 
Also my wife is a parnoid Cuban: I've used more hand sanitizer in the last week than in my entire adult life. I'm ok. France even held off going to their own level 3
Remember to not buy out all the hand sanitizer avialable in the store, if other people don't have any, your chances of being infected by them increases, regardless of how clean YOUR hands are
We bought it at Trader Joe's a week before we left. We didn't reduce the supply in quite the same way the recent panics have
As for time, 9-5. So if you all want to start at 11 to get a chance to sleep in, that works. If you want to get going bright and early at 9, let's go!
I will vote 100,000,000 times against starting before 10am on a weekend.
totally can offer my place. Of course I'm sympathetic to Brenden having to lug around that giant game box, so if his place is available, that'd be good too
For the sake of symmetry, I am voting for 10:30
Symmetry? How so?
It's a pyramid
Good enough a reason
that's a terrible reason
I revoke my vote for 10:30
Look at least he voted because of SOMETHING
fuck symmetry
So 11?
Lol I guess so after brenden retracted his vote.
I mean personally I would prefer 10:30
But if he wants to fuck over symmetry that way, then he do what he wants
does <@UDC4QL95G> not like 10am?
Not particulary if it is in the city
alright; 10:30 is it
next time I create a poll like that, the question will be "What's the earliest time you'd consider starting Gloomhaven on Saturday?"
So my place because not in the city and closer to Daka?
If you all want to chip in for an uber/lyft there an back for me to cart gloomhaven over, sure
Brenden has generously offered his space and it isn't Wayfair. Hooray
:laughing:
if his roommates are fine with us hanging around, then we should go to Brenden's place
I just need to put something on the calendar for them so they know
would we be ok sticking around long enough to do multiple rounds of GH?
What can you do in 6.5 hours?
I assume 2 rounds
I'm probably not up for 6.5 hours of GH
That's fine. I took your message as a suggestion that we do more than 1
I'm good with 2 scenarios
So 2 scenarios? That's probably about 4-5 hours of Gloomhaven, which is less than 6.5
if 2 scenarios takes 5 hours I'm going to find some sharp sticks and thinking about the intersection of sharp sticks and productivity.
So I'm calling off Saturday
No offense to Drew, but he's been traveling in high risk areas and has been traveling on planes recently
See <#CDBT6UTCL|game-night-schemes> for alternative plans
No offense taken. I'm not sure I can go to the doctor and get tested unless I'm showing symptoms. Not sure if they have confirmed if it is contagious without symptoms or not.
Everything i've heard is sever symptoms only and from one of the hot spots
I wasn't in a hot spot: Paris had a grand total of 26 cases when I left. Some towns outside of Paris has been locked down though.
Oh, and London isn't part of the ban because they aren't part of the EU. Ain't life fun?
Also, I'm going to point out I was in a city that tests for coronavirus heavily, and has less confirmed cases than Boston...a place where people are not getting tested unless in the hospital. 
I'm fine with not having it this weekend while people want to wait and see what happens, but I don't want to suddenly be like "Well Drew was in a high risk country."
"Well Drew works as a bartender so he's at higher risk."
"Well Drew has been kept out of this for the last month and we really want to play, so we replaced him."
I wouldn't be worried about you being left out, as I think Gloomhaven and the group as a whole getting together is on hiatus now.
Yeah I wouldn't worry too much about it
Just playing it safe for a bit
Hey I was thinking: one of those apps you found online last time had the whole map laid out and what not. Do we want to try one of those to play Gloomhaven virtually?
Gloomhaven also appears to be on tabletop simulator
We could try it. 
I'd be open to trying it
Cool, I think we should try that sometime this week. Would tabletop simulator be the way to try first?
Also do you pay for Tabletop simulator?
You pay for the app, then you can find all the games free
seems quite complicated
I opened it up last night
Really? I always found it really intuitive provided you are just running a pre-made game.
gloomhaven has a lot of components
I didn't mean the simulator
I meant the gloomhaven mod
OH gotcha. I'm guessing it just started you with a big table and a TON of bags
nope
there was stuff out already
Weird. Why?
that seems a silly question to ask me
