:excited:
seeking mountain suggestions
How long would we be planning for? A weekend, or just a day trip?
I am no help on mountain suggestions
Unless we're flying
weekend trip
thinking either thursday to sunday or friday to sunday
This is so odd -  I hadn't heard anyone talking about ski trips since the wf ski trip signup, and now two people asked me about one on the same day. Not that I'm complaining
I'll add more options once I get a few more dates back from my wife
Brian is almost certainly a +1 for any of my days (assuming he's invited?)
assuming we have room, he's invited
so basically he's invited
unless some freak coincidence happens where we can't find housing big enough to fit our group
in which case we still might just book two separate instances of lodging
:thankssss:
I wouldn't assume Sam is coming for whatever weekend we pick. I'm picking weekends while dancing around our schedule.
she's welcome to come if she's free
I don't know if she's into snow sports
Not really. She goes, but I think she has already enough trips going on she'd prefer the break
Do we have everyone voted here? Want to move forward planning?
Looks like Feb 29 or March 14?
asking a few more people
they're not all in this slack
:k
Updates?
:loading:
Cool, that's an update
Just let it load
Any second now
Like Charlie Day looking for "later" at the super bowl
That one was kinda disappointing bc the payoff was so short
The guy I was waiting on can't go
Cool, so 4 ppl on weekend of 2/29 or 3/14? Brenden, Dave, Drew, Brian?
<@UDC03KCGK> would Sam join, even if not Skiing?
Probably not. I'll float the weekends by her
Marissa be going? And either weekend works
she might join, but likely wouldn't ski
mountain recommendations?
my typical are pico and killington
certainly open to ideas
I'll be factoring housing expenses into the mountain decision
I'd rather not drive more than 2.5 hrs if possible, but I'm down for most anything
<@UETS9HTSS> Do we have a date pinned down yet?
Sam would not be skiing either, hence the Marissa question
I've never been to Killington, but that's outside Dave's very narrow radius
It's not a hard limit, especially if we're going for a full weekend, just a general consideration
Like, I know some ppl who are fine driving 6 hrs to go skiing for a weekend and I'm not too keen on that
Amateurs: 9hrs
I'd be open to bretton woods
sunday river
loon
very open to other ideas
those are just what come to mind
Pico/Killington is just under 3 hours
we're planning this as a weekend, right? I'm down for any of them then, haven't really been anywhere for skiing
the plan was for a weekend
either 1 night or 2 night stay
Fri-Sun or Sat-Sun
I can do either. I've skied Sunday River before so I'd like something new like Killington or Loon. 
If we leave after work on a Friday Sam would be able to go and just hang out instead of ski
if we're not skiing friday, I'd personally rather not pay for housing for friday
my though was that we drive up on either a friday or saturday morning really early and get there around when the mountain opens
Works for me
As Drew knows, I hate waking up early, but I could make a sacrifice for the team
*Approximate Driving Time:*
Bretton Woods: 2:36
Okemo: 2:47
Jiminy Peak: 2:29
Wildcat: 2:57
Stowe: 3:26
Sugarbush: 3:14
Killington/Pico: 2:57
*Airbnb Cost for 6-person lodging for Fri-Sun:*
Loon: $700-$900
:loading:
I would give Wildcat a try.
Jiminy Peak also sounds like it hits a sweet spot of price and distance
Just to put it out there, but 3/14 is the better weekend for us
3/14 feels kind of late in the season
but might still work
My uncle used to go to Jiminy peak all the time... I might actually have access to a house (owned by Aunt who doesn't live there year round) that's 20 min (I think) away from there. 

I'd have to check on that tho
that sounds ideal
would you mind looking into that for either the weekend of 2/28 or 3/14?
:salute_cap:
Yeah, definitely late in the season, especially considering the crappy winter. Just kind of limited by us going to Paris on the 4th and how much throwing in a trip right before that would strain us.
You're going to Paris? Nice!
yeah, been planned for a while now
Where y'all going?
Paris. One day in Brussels to do the 4 foods of Belgium (Chocolate, Fries, Beer, Waffles)
Louvre, lots of wine, gardens. Couple stuff
Sounds like a lot of fun! France is one of the places I've really wanted to go to
Been once when i was 13. Worth going back
Yeaaaa, I think it might be a bit different doing it when you're married :upside_down_blob:
City of romance and all that...
<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fcYJA8qvW7k>
So I'm guessing we don't have the house?
Yep
at least, I am
if you don't want to do this anymore, that's fine
I got assigned work for that weekend. Plus I'll have just gotten back from France. So I think I'll need to drop on this one.
<@UDDE5960N> if you're going to start more games in Race, please set them to 4 weeks
